and welcome to the W show we have got a
great show lined up for you guys today
we're going to be talking about the
Apple Vision Pro Luke will be having his
first hands-on experience with it I've
got it in my backpack beautiful so we're
going to see your beautiful eyes it will
be yours uh yeah it'll be don't worry
they're blue for some
reason perfect uh we're also going to be
talking about the Canadian government
who did something spectacularly
either stupid or awesome depending on
your perspective sure I mean someone
obviously thinks it's awesome otherwise
they wouldn't have done it what else we
got
today
h did I take yours again yeah you
stopped for one week and now it's just
gone uh wait there there was one uh yeah
deep fake scam boosts $ 25 million for
those of you who are new to English
especially young people English boosts
means steals steals yeah what else you
got that was that was absolutely wild
also I don't know I'll pick this one
FUNimation libraries to be deleted which
is bad that's a bummer that means
Initial D I'm surprised you didn't take
Florida man kicks kids off social media
that just sounds like a good
idea
[Music]
the show is brought to you by grammarly
ag1 and updf why don't we jump right
into our headline topic which is of
course nothing we named the show after
your face my face being actually oh I
guess we should talk about that yeah
that is a topic oh yeah right oh yeah
how did you not take that one I I left
you the juiciest yeah fair enough I was
all and you were like usually usually
you always take the headliner and you
skipped it so I didn't even like realize
that was still available but yeah it was
it totally was um so have I told you why
no oh great okay I was if I remember
correctly I was actually legitimately
waiting for the show to ask Dan do you
know why how life works now I think I
had it spoiled for me yeah okay then
don't say anything let's let Luke
guess we can let chat help you because
they don't know so anything they say is
just complete profound can I give a can
I give Luke a hint I haven't even get
you can maybe eventually but not before
I've even started that's
disrespectful like does he just does he
have a very hint face I look do
I very hint
face just looks like he needs hints oh
man U my first initial reaction action
was got a strong brow
Furrow my my first initial reaction was
that it might have been something to do
with uh needing to have like a a mask or
something because you can't with beards
okay you weren doing anything like that
um I want to that's why a lot of
firefighters have mustaches I want to
give my hint oh because the The Mask can
I thought it was just so they could give
rides
I mean they probably do that a lot but
no the uh yeah the mask can go along the
the outside of your face and you can
still have a mustache cuz it doesn't
have to stick there got it makes sense
uh just got tired of it ion what is Aon
think I don't think you can ask
questions I think you can just I think
you can just ask
reasons did did Avon suggest it no
okay uh were you just tired of it nope
were you curious to see what it looked
like because it's been too
long it's been three long it's been
three long three years
yeah that that was a CO beard it's a
really long time it feels yeah the the
whole Co timeline thing is ruined my
brain um no it's not Apple Vision Pro
fitting no no no apple Vision Pro is
totally ski goggles and this is totally
neck warmer yeah all right Dan give my
uh hint face some information
um you know how we were talking about
Linus's Porsche last week it's better
than hitable
face that is true okay uh my
understanding is it's very similar
reasons to why he um modified his
windshield
wipers okay I can kind of see where
you're going with this but I don't think
that's going to help him very much I I
didn't say it was a good hint but I
thought you might find that funny it was
like the the cheaper way of doing
something but how does that make any
sense uh lonus gets it lus gets
it I love this there's thousands of
people experiencing this and only two of
them get the joke right
now I feel special Dan you're special
you're a special boy can I get a another
hint I I'm trying to think of like do I
call in I might as well just tell you
there's absolutely no way you're ever
going to get it so I booked a Hydra
facial I have no idea what that is it's
basically just like a skin treatment for
your face water on your face no is it
water boarding no it's definitely not
waterboarding okay um so I got a hydro
facial and um I I contacted them ahead
of time I was like so like how how does
it work with the the hair and they were
like uh well it obviously doesn't work
anywhere where you have facial hair and
I was like okay well is the price
different and they like obvious and
they're like no the price is the same
same and I was like okay so the price is
the same regardless of how much face you
treat like I got to get my value I
respect that yeah I respect that are you
going to grow it back you know what I
didn't get my value though because what
I realized after I shaved it was even
though I had intended to do it anyway I
could have gotten debrand to pay like an
enormous amount of money to have me
shave my beard on wo or something
especially if you left mustache for a
certain period of time so stupid
I can't I can't believe I can't believe
it I am yeah that was kind of that that
was SL is kind of surprising to me and
one of the most like based takes I've
seen so far was our own Mark wrath
Burger wrath gber wrath gabber okay I
realized I've never said his last name
out loud right then F he gets that a lot
I know he's told told me wrath Burger he
gets that all the time it's WRA Gaber I
knew I grew up with someone with that
with that last name so my brain just
defaulted to it anyways uh he said if
this is real why was wasn't it sponsored
yeah that's fair it's a it's a fair take
I'm actually very surprised it's air
it's a fair take that you didn't combine
those two things because the the The
Wanted like you know what I'm going to
get my full value out of this totally
understand y but I'm surprised that your
brain didn't also go not only will I get
full value but I will now make money off
of this I mean we could have we we could
have upgraded some workstations or
whatever you know H it was a miss it was
a Miss okay speaking of misses my wife
no just kidding um let's talk about the
Apple Vision Pro no no no no no what
does she think oh oh oh oh uh she she
liked the beard didn't she she likes the
look of the beard but definitely prefers
The Snuggle ability of not a beard so
for her it's kind of I think it's like a
55% beard 45% not beard got it but now
that the beard has been a thing for a
while and she's going back to not the
beard it's kind of fun for a bit no oh
no no not even a little it's I think
it's when we went from this to that it
was like oh yeah the beard looks a
little better now that we go from beard
to this it's like so you're growing it
back
right so are you growing it back then uh
yeah but not yet oh soon why not yet
um because the the hydrofacial is just a
lead up for like a pokey thing that
they're that they're going to do yeah so
it's like some Pokey thing it's supposed
to um acupuncture it's supposed to
stimulate like collagen production or
something like that like basically I'm
looking at it going okay I'm almost 40
um I'm not into I'm not into like oh I'm
going to get a bunch of fillers and a
nose job or whatever else but from a
certain point of view um I have like
never done anything other than just rub
soap on my
face and I'm looking at it going okay so
this is kind of like being 40 and never
having gone to the dentist it's like
yeah I brush my teeth but like like I so
I'm like okay you know what little bit
of Maintenance I'm going for it so I've
got a couple things and then I'm going
to grow my facial hair back okay and
cover it all up yeah there you go that
makes a ton of sense yeah
sure all right you
ready uh yeah I yeah I guess so all
right you guys are going to see it here
first guys raw raw
Impressions I'm like I'm like kind of
nervous I don't know
why well because if your take on it is
wrong then you're going to have people
calling you an idiot and if your take on
it is right then you're going to have
the other half of people calling you an
idiot because this is an extremely
divisive product yeah okay okay so first
up first up it's a extremely divisive
device here it is the Apple Vision
professional professional not to be
confused with the regular Apple are you
going to take it oh yeah not to be
confused with the regular Apple vision
is this just it's one size for everybody
situation um okay so you do a facial
scan thing but your nose kind of shape
coming out of your face is like pretty
not that far off mine I suspect this
thing will probably be mostly okay for
you maybe a little bit on the small side
um cuz I'm like a small medium helmet
and I think you're more like a large but
the whatever the um uh I don't remember
what the brand of that VR headset was I
tried at your house but that filled
pretty well oh really so the big screen
Beyond oh yeah that did fit you okay
okay then you'll probably I was
wondering about the so that has a dial
size okay yep so you just play around
with the dial and uh once you put it on
it should basically turn on but before
you do before you do let's get your
impressions all right so it's got the
it's got the protective cover on the
front it comes with that you can just
pop that off material wise feels premium
I don't know the
headband really okay there's two options
for the headband
there's doesn't feel not premium to be
clear there's one that has a a top
there's the like a top strap as well
diaper band well yeah I mean I wouldn't
call it a diaper band but sure sure yep
they could have made that one look a lot
better they clearly want you to use this
one yeah I can see that perspective
there's like no promo material of that I
don't think this is the one in all of it
that's fair y That's they could have
done a better job with that one um I can
already tell this is going to feel front
heavy mhm just think of the uh the
weight of the battery
pack that's fine it's going to be in a
pocket or something right like I'm not
really worried about that I think yep
what do you think of the fixed cable
it's not it's only sort of fixed Yeah
well yeah it's it's one length though so
you can't just you can't just be like Oh
I'm going to keep it in my shirt pocket
today yeah cuz it's a it's a it's a
different type of lightning right it's
like it's some kind of jumbo lightning
so it's it's fixed that's not great for
all intents and purposes today I would
like to be able to have different
lengths of cable sure
you got some grease on those lenses mhm
do I try it on now go for it do I keep
the cover on I have long eyelashes I
it's actually a problem for me is my
eyelashes just coat the inside of any VR
headset that I use with like grease oh
yeah yeah you're going to want to loosen
that a touch y yeah yeah oh are you
going to take off the front cover sure
also I mean any Impressions on the uh
yeah okay yeah he found
it so that's how the Pieces come apart
uh you're going to show the people
you're just going to hold it under the
desk so I tried to take off the front
cover by gripping this portion and
pulling both sides and then this came
out and I was very temporarily don't
forget about the other piece that comes
off of that oh wow so that piece also
comes off of the assembly that you just
disconnected all right I don't need that
though right no no that's just this is
the not thicker one this is the thinner
version got it of the face face thing
I'm going to try again okay here we go
here we go here we go here we go
that right
there is a man who's going skiing this
is less comfortable than I expected to
be honest well remember to the face
thing is not you know your size does it
do these parts rest on your face um it
depends so if I use that band it pulls
in hard on my forehead yeah me too and
if I use the other band it hangs hard my
cheeks okay it's like barely even
touching my cheeks all of it is right on
my forehead remember to though take all
of this for what it is Luke didn't do a
facial scan this is not the correct size
for him however um I will say that one
of my bits of feedback is going to be
that I find the comfort of it extremely
difficult to deal with it's definitely a
lot more front heavy than other VR
devices I've used is it on yet uh no
okay hold the button on the left on the
top top left there's should be a button
hold it down that's the
right good job okay did it fire up no
uh I hope I didn't let it
die you found the button though right
yeah this one yeah okay it's not turning
on no okay one moment please you can
just plug the battery pack into
something right I think so oh yeah oh
yeah yeah that's no problem that's no
problem we've got a solution the
solution is the cable supposed to go up
like this uh yeah that's where the cable
goes so it goes like they're trying to
get it around your ear I guess it
doesn't actually go around my ear yeah
it I don't have that problem but that's
interesting
feedback yeah it like touches right at
the
top the bigger issue for me and a lot of
this is is just going to be stuff that
I'm going to talk about in the review uh
all right you should be able to turn it
on now it's it's charging now okay wow
this whole everything on the forehead
thing is not great the bigger issue for
me is that on both straps the attachment
mechanism here I'm just going to go to
Linus cam here the attachment mechanism
is an ovular shape you can see that it's
an oval um and what that means is that
there's absolutely zero play whatsoever
so if you're the kind of person who goes
oh yeah you know I really prefer to wear
a a back ponytail instead of a nape
ponytail or a high ponytail I would
really like to adjust this to sit you
know more this way or more this no now
you get to not do that so if you look at
the way that Luke's wearing it right now
Luke can you turn to the side a little
bit if he was like oh I would really
strongly
prefer you know to have this kind of
more up here the answer is no apple says
no speaking of Apple saying no it won't
turn on still
yeah I mean it's definitely
charging uh here can can I borrow it for
a sec maybe this is just user error
or instructional error could also be
that um oh man so
convenient all right you want to stall
for me uh sure it's run interference uh
yeah the whole forehead thing I saw him
take it off once and I saw a very
pronounced red mark along his forehead
and then slightly along the sides and I
was a little bit surprised by that and
now I am no longer surprised at all uh
for me again it's not scaned for my face
so it's probably not already read on you
yeah I'm not surprised um it's not
scanned for my face at
all this is probably not useful
information like straight up but no
weight at all was distributed anywhere
other than just my forehead and all the
weight for the device is in the front so
the entire weight of the device was just
sitting right there where the other
strap I could I could try that the
bigger issue for me is that my choices
so the reason you probably saw it so red
on my forehead was cuz I had I was
wearing it really I was wearing it
really tight and the reason for that is
if I wear it at a reasonable tightness
um it just mashes the bridge of my
nose so this is actually the point where
it's most uncomfortable so you were
cranking onto your forehead to save your
nose this is not turning on for me
either the light is red it's usually
green so I guess it um needs a minimum
charge yeah maybe it needs a minimum
charge level which I find a little bit
have you spent time with this should we
swap straps I have spent time with that
um like I was saying earlier it
basically takes the it takes the load
off of here and puts it here and on my
nose and it also just kind of feels like
it's going to come flying forward on me
because I would wear it further back I
would wear it more like back here
instead of like like here and here
instead of right here and right here
yeah uh it's like it's not deep enough
yeah this band seems yeah I'm not I'm
not surprised that's the one they put in
all the promo footage that seems kind of
a little lame maybe
um well this is not working this is
little anticlimactic yeah this was
supposed to be our first topic of the
week I guess we're going to have to
Pivot to another topic this is
embarassing we come back to it sure
we'll come back to we'll let it charge
for a bit yeah all right good luck
buddy want to pick one try the other
button people are saying no I tried it
yeah okay uh sure
okay apparently there is a Google doc of
uh people reacting to you shaving and
we're supposed to react to that really
yes oh I didn't know about this okay
shave memes there's a segment if you
scroll down there's a section called
segment okay reactionist to Linus's new
face all right uh I guess we'll just uh
screen share for this okay uh I'll go
full screen sure
uh few slideshow button there we go okay
I saw this that skipped way in that's
the seventh slide what oh well okay
well there you happy yes all right
initial
reactions
classic so baddy no um okay now that's F
that's
felt what I don't understand the Opera
one considering he has a beard Opera GX
not the
uh okay I uh we're covering up the
caption okay oh Mr Mr besser's on it
he's on the
case all right we good yeah oh wow Dan
so you're just going to move it around
on the Fly okay y glad to see her back
at ncx love it by the way this piece see
turned out amazing is it still having
problems nope no it's running perfect
now uh I think it ended up just being a
motherboard issue or like PCI ER Riser
plug unplug it's fine now yeah it's 100%
Rock Solid now that's awesome Run's cool
uh yeah it's
amazing there's the my favorite one I've
[Laughter]
seen that's valid that's a good question
but you shaving brought the world
together okay I saw this yeah on the
community post on
YouTube and I thought I just thought I
was like oh this must be a new meme
format that's popping off right now it's
actually an extremely old meme format
that is only partially related
oh interesting yeah cuz I was going to
send this to the social team I was like
okay yeah we should probably find
something to like piggyback on top of
this and then I forgot and that's good
because then I would have looked like a
yeah at as a citizen of basically
anything
thing we this is amazing want the thing
and then pass it on or something
[Laughter]
yeah oh man okay very good that's
actually pry that's actually pretty
good
nice oh no okay uh I really don't think
I'm going to go blonde again why I what
do it what what complete the look why
are you why are you being so aggressive
right now you you dyeing your hair
blonde and
wearing CED polo shirts would be that'd
be amazing a wild
throwback no we could get a really old
camera and then do an
LTT hold on what is this
clip we can't hear it is there sound on
this it looks like there here you go
they should be able to hear that give me
one
second okay thank you for that all right
again Alex wolski says my girlfriend
says you look like a daddy with that
beard except I don't have a girlfriend
and I said that keep up all that you
do
okay all right thank you again for for
that I completely forgot about that but
that's pretty funny wow future remains
unclear I mean unless you have Vision
hey I doubt I'll be able to take
anything he says seriously go come on
I'm still a serious
[Music]
person oh come
on that's pretty funny okay all right
thank you for that this must have been
the social
team okay that's pretty
funny let's see if the Apple vision Pro
is working there's an accelerometer in
the battery bank and it's supposed to
yeah supposed to light up when you when
you move it but it's not doing it right
now is this thing broken that seems like
a more expensive solution to the just
like press the button to check method
yeah also I mean did I mention this
battery bank is just useless unless you
happen to want to power Vision Pro
because just Apple things isn't it also
like not that big uh I don't know um
Apple Vision Pro it's uh 3166 milliamp
hours yeah like wait what uh it's it's
over under provision it's whatever the
provisioning is where there's more
capacity in here than what they display
by about 20% I think it was even and I
think the idea there is that they really
don't want this thing to just be used
every day be charged multiple times a
day be kept out a full charge and then
have people have it just like dying in a
year no they would like it to take at
least a few years because that's how
apple rolls but then they'll have
something better to sell you it's not
5vt 12 volts yeah it's a super random
random voltage um like it's something
they absolutely could have done with PD
13 volts 13 it's one of those things
where it's like I'm sure there's some
reason that it runs at 13 volts um but
I'm also sure that they could have found
a way to make it not run at 133 volts
and run at like a standard USB PD
voltage as well soor is it working now
or I I don't know I'm checking okay um
keep running
interference okay sure yeah yeah yeah uh
yes it's working okay never mind okay
here we go all right run no interference
all right Luke will be experiencing the
Apple Vision Pro for oh yeah sorry sorry
sorry dragging the battery back ground
is already
annoying do you kind of get used to it I
feel like you would
I'm so over this thing oh I can't wait
until I'm finished my review and I can
just put it back in the box or like give
it to horse to cover on macad dress or
something wow I I'm I'm over it oh my
goodness uh there are things that I love
about it and I and I mean that with a
capital l
love but there are things about it that
uh just make it the kind of thing that I
love the idea of and I don't need to
have on my face like one thing to
explain my problem and again I want to
say it again this one is not face
scanned for me to make it so that the
face shield thing is actually touching
my face I can make that happen by
pulling it completely off and getting a
like I can see lonus right now through
the device like it that's weird are you
sure that's clicked on properly it's
magnetic oh oh yeah there you go that's
why I'm taking it off to make it touch
my face so so the problem you have is
the same one I have then like okay
without the headband on could you make
the whole thing go against your face by
changing the angle almost certainly yeah
absolutely this right here is a is
actually a like a oh wow yeah I need to
have the headband on like the upper
crown of my head that's really okay so
are you good now then yeah that's way
better oh okay cool it just has to be
like way up here I can't move it enough
for it to be comfortable because it
doesn't rotate it's not it's not swivel
I Ely this this fixed pretty much
everything it's very uncomfortable on
the back of my head I don't like it
being up here it feels like it's going
to slip off yep um but it's now resting
on my face like way better have the
exact same problem with this one it
feels like it's going to come off at any
moment yeah I don't but it's more
comfortable than that bend for me oh
yeah this like this is immeasurably
better okay so uh is it prompting you
for a pin or anything it wants me to
press this button to align okay yeah
yeah hold it yep press and hold
motorized motorized uh ipd
adjustment pretty cool okay wow that's
pretty good
whoa what the heck is it actually right
there how's that pass through wow that's
weird pretty good huh that is actually
really good can you toss me something
yeah absolutely here I'll uh I'll toss
you o I'll toss you a prototype LTT sock
nice
yeah that was very easy yeah yeah no
problem on the short circuit um
dbrand bet me that I couldn't Dodge all
the things that Belle threw at me so if
I was able to dodge them all they said
they'd pay double for the sponsorship
did you dodge them all and if I wasn't
able to Dodge I got nothing oh so
obviously I took that bet because I was
extremely confident that I could Dodge
anything Belle could throw I mean if you
played softball with him no he's is
actually pretty
good but uh yes I successfully dodged
everything so I'm pretty sure dbrand had
to pay double there's interesting stuff
like right here this visually is way
closer to me than it actually is it's
that's that's kind of odd but most
things once it gets far enough away it's
pretty good the 3D mapping is I would
say an extremely extremely strong point
yeah it's it's very good there's just
like normally you're not going to have
an object statically that close to your
face so like it's it's fine I can't read
text on the laptop but I can very easily
read all the keys yep
um and if you on the on the stream deck
perfectly fine I mean do you want it do
you want it oh shoot do I have I have
the pin thing up and I uh yeah yeah you
can you can uh enter it Center it over
there so use the crown which is on the
right yeah yeah Center it looking at the
wall so that you're just like mashing
off screen and then just obfuscate what
you're doing somehow is the PIN over
there now yeah yeah it should be okay so
oh oh are you using just your gaze
tracking and and um yeah oh yeah so just
just go like this in front of it in
front yeah just in front of it beneath
it just kind of anywhere yeah you're way
off you're way off screen now and
remember they can't see what you're
looking at anyway so it doesn't matter
so your your fingers can be anywhere
they can be close it doesn't matter if
the people can see your
fingers is that
registering he got oh wow that was weird
to get used
to Apple Vision Pro guys all it costs is
uh okay I'm in he's in he's in The
Matrix uh okay maybe CER looks fantastic
maybe Center it over here so we can see
you wow nice okay that's cool and that
looks insanely good right that's wild
see any screen door effect no it's
there's some I don't know if it's the
the the eyelash grease or because it's
not fit my for my face there's a there's
little imperfections here or there um
but especially oh I'm like doing things
and it's reacting to it that's pretty
funny oh I got to stop I want to look at
stuff and I got to just move my eyes
yeah it's pretty
cool come
on there we go wow this is very cool I
understand why people are reacting to
this so heavily cuz this is actually
quite novel this is more novel than I
expected yep having used pass through
before and stuff like this before this
is much more novel than I
expected do you have any of the photos p
iic photos uh if you just go to photos
and videos yeah I'm sure there's some
stuff in there like there's a there's a
a 3D video that I recorded of just
walking around this this thing where
they they put the screen up looks
incredibly
good I I I don't know if it's just
because of the screen door or because of
something else that they're doing but it
just looks fantastic y the lenses are
incredible they're pancake lenses so
they're they're super low profile but
they have so much less internal
reflection compared to the big screen
beyond that I just cannot fathom how
they are this far ahead of what others
are doing at this
stage that's pretty sweet I can put it
behind the wall yep and then if you
glance toward the bottom right or bottom
left corner then you can grab that and
you can resize the window once you've
positioned it where you like it ah yeah
yeah SP he's spatial he's spatially
Computing folks I am spatially Computing
and like I've seen videos people doing
this but it's actually way different
when you're actually just doing yourself
interesting you kind of have to trust it
to work for a while there I was like
trying to like scope it out if you just
look at the thing and do it it seems to
happen if you try to finesse it it
doesn't happen as well I don't know
that's not a great way of saying that no
that's fine I that's fine I get
it heck yeah rate out of 10 so far First
Impressions ignore the the Comfort yeah
how what is what is my what is my what
am what what is the thing that I'm
rating display it display is extremely
good interaction display has got to be
for everything that I've experienced the
display is a 10 it's pretty incredible
guys the interaction is extremely good
especially considering I'm not holding
something that's doing that um I'm still
having some problems with it like
detecting where I'm looking now I didn't
put it in guest mode for you I'm sorry I
probably should have say that's probably
because of it not being scanned for my
face I didn't really care about setting
up the ipd thing properly it's not in
guest mode that I didn't even know
existed Etc it's probably those things
more than anything because I've watched
people use it and they haven't had these
types of problems so I'm not actually
worried about that um and when it does
work it feels like insanely good and I
don't really see anyone having problems
so I think it's probably just a a
settings thing um so honestly the
interact ability that I've done so far
is probably also like like a 10 do you
want to see dinosaurs yeah so just click
the crown and go to the go to the
dinosaur experience yeah I think it's on
the second
homepage um so just just pinch in front
of you and swipe to the side to get no
you got to pinch so a pinch is like a
touch okay there you go yeah yeah and
then okay encounter dinosaurs Yep this
takes a little while so I'm going to I'm
going to do a topic real quick while
Luke sits here and um experiences
dinosaurs I guess right now I'm just
experiencing the room so with music good
for him oh it's over there can I move it
I don't know can
you no cool so I'm just going to stare
at you the whole time wow which uh with
my own eyes through the Vision Pro
definitely a little creepy is it weird
yeah um it's not very good so that's
part of it and then the other part is
it's it's like you're kind of half face
swed oh no this is hilarious cuz the
word and on my side the words encounter
dinosaurs is just behind Linus's head
yeah but because it's behind your head
the top of your head is like translucent
so I can still read the word yeah so I
have it set to um recognize when other
people are around and create a little
translucent window and whatever it is
you're doing kind of like rubbing a
rubbing a french fry on a piece of paper
you know like make it makes a little
kind of kind of Clear Window where you
can see other people there's now a
butterfly flying around your head I feel
like in like you know that uh depiction
in old movies of someone who just got
like a concussion and you just like
start seeing weird things like that
feels like what's happening right now
all right cool um oh wow okay okay are
we am I even going to try and do a topic
or are you just going to you can go for
it are you just going to do stuff okay
okay we've got a quick jobs announcement
uh we're looking for a procurement
coordinator UH responsibilities include
fostering positive relationships
streamlining procurement processes uh
tracking product releases and
collaborating with the content creation
team on trending Tech uh it's
linusmediagroup tocom jobs head over
there if that sounds like you or anyone
you know you can always uh direct
someone else
there see the little dinosaur now is a c
cute little dinosaur he's squeaking all
right you enjoy that little dinosaur
Luke oh one thing I didn't even think
about is yeah audio quality
seems okay we're hiring some positions
right now there they are see you later
it lacks
base the speakers are not amazing yeah
but what is amazing is turn your head
around the spatial mapping yeah is I'm
I'm noticing that as the dinosaurs
sniffing your head mindblowing yeah it's
so
good yeah
all right uh I guess I will also talk
about how oh we've added some new stuff
on LTT store do you want to talk about
what you're experiencing at all or
should I just keep going
uh no I think you're good keep going all
right cool um we are launching our black
polo shirt yep that's right it's a black
polo shirt it's part of our 9 to5
collection smart Fabrics easy fits good
looks uh it's super soft and breathable
with snaps rather than buttons on the
collar so convenient great for work or
play 96% cotton 4% elastine and we've
got a couple of new graphic T's that's
right we are finally launching some new
graphic T's uh planetaries in oh this
isn't planetary uh Intergalactic was
inspired by our digital Journeys into
other galaxies through AR and VR uh
starting with the AR video that Lloyd
did with Mac address
and then planetary was inspired by
putting Tech internals like hard drives
and Chi Chargers out into the Galaxy so
you can check these out at LTT store.com
both were inspired by kind of bitpixel
art styles and uh speaking of
Intergalactic and traveling into other
galaxies Luke you're in the same galaxy
same Planet Galactic planetary very far
back in time you know a black polo is
perfect time for you to dye your hair
thank you for that that's um really
helpful yeah this is crazy I can
understand why you're probably tired of
it but it's crazy it's very cool I don't
this is this is
like how long ago was that I was at
Oculus forever ago I think 2016
2017 around there and I had a
conversation with someone where I I I
bet 10 years was the time frame it was
going to be until we had like actual
real Mass adoption of VR right um and
this is pretty close this is definitely
I think not it but I think this is a
huge amount of the way there I think we
need a
better better weight
distribution better strap situation
maybe the screen quality is fantastic
the audio quality seems good
enough um the spatial audio stuff is
wild how you control it seems is very
smart I don't know it's
good this wouldn't be a normal place you
would want to run your cable um yeah I
don't mind that I just hit it with my
hand because I just wouldn't have it ran
like this ever so that's fine yeah it's
it's funny that Apple was the one to
divorce us from headphone cables and now
they've brought back a far thicker I do
far more obnoxious far less sort of
readjustable and manageable cable but
that part I find interesting the fact
that there's no routing along the band
or anything that you could optionally
run it through um we're going to get
thirdparty headbands for this and
they're going to be infinitely better
than the garbage that Apple sh point
because these are detachable so someone
could actually easily make their own
that might solve a lot of my problems
with it yep yep almost certainly I think
if it was scanned for my face and thus
fit better I would be much more happy
with it um unfortunately I don't think
that I have my MacBook
so I've been I've been dailying a
Macbook ever since I started my review
of The Vision Pro which uh admittedly
has contributed to some of my impatience
with it there's definitely still things
that I find very frustrating about Mac
OS U to be clear there's things I find
very frustrating about Windows things I
find very frustrating about Linux I I
but there's there's things I find very
frustrating about Mac OS
um like unless you go completely full
screen on your app how little of your
actual screen you get to use between the
menu at the top and then the dock at the
bottom like okay sure that's that's
great just I'll just use this part of my
screen while I'm browsing the internet
um I'm not really a I'm not really a
full screen I'm not really a full screen
app guy but uh let me let me go ahead
and see if I can get this signed in and
then you'll be able to use the MacBook
with the Vision Pro and we can kind of
get your impression of that have you
done the IMAX thing sorry IMAX
yeah um there's an IMAX app with a 46
minute long free video of a beautiful
planet in collaboration with NASA uh I
just installed that oh yeah I installed
that last night I was having trouble
getting access to the app store because
I am Canadian yeah yes so even if you
get your hands on a Vision Pro you will
need to have a US register Apple ID and
then especially difficult if you want to
actually buy anything or subscribe to
anything on the App Store you will need
a US based credit card not a US dollar
credit card oh that's always so
frustrating the billing address must be
in the United States so that was pretty
frustrating when I figured that
out uh this is going to take me a minute
because I need to log out of the account
that I am in now and then I need to log
into a different account and that's
going to be that's going to be a second
so another addition that I would add to
my obviously not enough time spent with
it oh I'm in a
theater I didn't even realize that oh
you can adjust the immersion uh in your
environment by turning the crown which
is the one on the
right
oh
oh neat huh that is pretty
neat uh so yeah something that I would
say
is this is good enough that I would want
one I will not get one because it's
$3,500 oh I see uh I was I was I yeah
you you had me for a second there I I I
thought you I said want one not we'll
get one um yeah I thought you were
legitimately like considering one all of
a sudden there no but this is novel
enough that like this is very cool this
feels like a leap
um this is pretty sweet are you in the
IMAX experience right now yes if you're
doing something and it's requesting you
to close it obviously you can close it
nope no I am not doing anything I'm
trying to figure out how to sign out and
I finally figured it out this feels like
something that existed and this is an
app that you can uh you know you can
just play like this is this is an IMAX
Whatever video thing and you happen to
be able to play it in this headset if
this video was wow yeah I wasn't
expecting to see my hands there they are
uh if this video was all around me in a
more panoramic scene I think it would be
better I'm looking at a big box which is
cool so that's going to be the case for
a lot of things uh I have a couple I
have a couple of iPad apps that are
compatible like in compatibility mode
but I definitely understanding why
developers don't necessarily want to
didn't necessarily want to preemptively
make things for a very questionable uh
user base for a very yeah for a very
questionable experience
yeah yeah totally get that um that's one
of the reasons why I think with the it
seems like a lot of people are getting
it reviews seem to be pretty positive
Maybe if a bunch of users actually get
this um and a version two comes out
eventually and whatnot that might be the
time I don't know unless you're into
specifically into early adoption of tech
stuff uh I don't know if this is going
to be a thing for you but if you are
into early adoption of tech stuff this
is very
cool sorry this is this is going to take
me a little while still
uh my my deepest and most sincere
apologies Dan run interference yeah
merch message oh yeah yeah hit us with a
merch message actually it's pretty much
the perfect time for that anyway so
excellent um let's see hey Dan and the
others what's the story behind lonus cat
tips where did it come from and what
happened to it oh it came from the idea
that in the early days of of the company
um I was thinking hey with how long it
takes to shoot LTT which is just was
unboxings at the time uh we could easily
shoot the entire week's worth of content
in a day so nothing would prevent us
then from having five different channels
Each of which we shoot all the content
for in a day and one of the things that
you know I'm I'm pretty passionate about
is
cats
um oh shoot the while you do whatever
you're doing um the the whole mixed
reality portion of this is awesome it
like it knows that Linus is a thing that
I might want to see right now so like if
I look to my left I don't see this wall
at all I see an IMAX theater I see all
the different levels of it Etc even
looking over there there's like the door
to the IMAX theater the the front oh
whatever the water ball I can't see that
um the like guard rail in the front I
see all that kind of stuff I look over
towards lonus and I see exactly lonus in
the area around him I look here there's
IMAX theater this
is you could sit at home and interact
with the people around you fully and
properly while also engaging in media
which is pretty
fantastic oh my God what is is this um
whatever this is there's
like error messages are tiled over top
of my whole
screen um I'm so upset right
now uh syn failed okay I I can't deal
with that right now I just need you to
move I just need you to move and get out
of my
way okay let's try uh let's try the
other one
send a new
code come on come
on H this is not working maybe it's the
other
one okay I'm having a great time well
that's good I'm really glad you are I'm
really stressed out this is really
engaging content guys I'm sure this is
fantastic for you guys to watch it's
great for me this is this is Luke
watching a different show I still
wouldn't want to spend 3500 bucks on it
um and I don't know how much how how
required it is it feels like being the
Apple ecosystem it would be quite
required um I don't I genuinely have no
knowledge of how required it is to have
a Macbook but I don't have one of those
either so this would end up being a very
very expensive overall purchase um which
I will not do because I am too cheap but
I am definitely starting to understand
why people would and some of the people
that I know personally that have bought
one I I get
it it's cool it's very cool yeah but I
mean you're you're just kind of like
looking at stuff like I don't know
what's wrong with a what's wrong with a
phone and and like a cardboard box if
you're just going to watch like a movie
this is cooler than a phone and a
cardboard box yeah but like how much
money is that worth like how old that's
why I would bu how how much how much
content uh is going to be created novel
uh early adopter Tech experience you
you're you're paying a massive tax is
the dollar value matching what you're
getting for a lot of people probably not
but it is very cool and and the screen
is good I think that's scen fantastic
that is a huge part of it I keep kind of
slipping into like not even really
realizing that this is what I'm doing
because the video that I'm watching is
fantastic um and like I look over at
lonus and he's he's not there at all
like it it completely removes him and
then if I look directly at him he's
there and it's very clear good I'm not
it's not fuzzy I'm not seeing any screen
door on it's it's very very good so I'm
I'm like very very much immersed in this
video that's in front of me but I don't
feel like I have like exited the room if
that makes sense my ears are completely
uncovered so while I can hear the the
thing it's also very easy to hear you
guys I'm not wearing my headphones you
can still hear me yeah yeah yeah
normally these make it easier to hear
you especially um but despite there
being audio blasted directly at my ears
by the headset I can still hear you no
problem I can still hear no problem
closed in as like a traditional headset
yeah yeah I I I that's nice that part is
really really cool um and pretty unique
I've dealt with pass through before this
is not the same thing not only because
it's really fast like when lers threw me
that sock it was second nature to catch
it it wasn't difficult it wasn't it
didn't feel more difficult than normal
um but also just it's it's very smart
like lonus walking away it was like yeah
you might want to see this person
walking in front of you so lonus was
rendered in in front of the iMac screen
as he walked away um but usually like
the the table is usually full deleted
this mic right now because I'm in the
IMAX view is usually being full deleted
if I look right at it it shows up um but
generally it's not there this is just
it's very cool whatever they developed
to
uh intelligently detect what I would
want to see mhm and decide when to show
it and when not to show it is extremely
good that is like very impressively good
all right I've got a merch message for
you to stall for time while Dan fixes
something sure uh Stephen asks yo dll
the hardest choice of my childhood was
who to sacrifice at the end of Fable
2 what was the toughest video game
choice that you ever made
H mine's going to be stupid so I'm going
to go ahead and uh let you go first just
in case I'm not even I'm not even just
like losing myself in uh in the IMAX
thing I'm trying to think
um
H I can do mine first if you need time
sure
for me it was my first playthrough of
Final Fantasy
Tactics I hadn't really understood by
this stage in the game that like Perma
death was a thing oh and I I was a kid
and I I played through a little bit more
of the game thinking there's some
there's got to be some get back yeah or
something and I like get them back or
something so you know how wait have you
played Final Fantasy Tactics uh no but I
believe it works functionally in in the
perade death sense the same as XCOM I
believe sure yeah yeah so um really
where I was going with that was that
each stage each level of the game is
extremely timec consuming okay you you
you go and you like do things in between
each stage you visit different you know
locations and you micromanage your
stupid equipment and all of your
abilities and then you go and you do a
fight and you might or might not win and
then you do the whole thing again and
you try again and like it's
very boy is it ever timec consuming so
when you've made it a few more stages in
and you realize oh no and it it wasn't
like it wasn't an important character
because the important characters when
they but it was it was not a random
either and I had gotten kind of
attached and I was like oh my goodness
they are dead forever um so for me it
was less a decision of like who to
sacrifice or who to not sacrifice and
more a decision of do I want to invest
all of this time into restoring a really
long time ago like probably five plus
hours of gameplay time ago save so that
I can bring this person back to I did
it I went back and got them I was like
like I can't do this yeah there's
there's a couple like I can think in I
think it's Mass Effect 2 I think there's
a there's a part of the game where you
have to decide basically I think one
person has to stay back to like do
something and the rest of the people can
escape and you have to pick which person
is going to stay back uh and the person
who stays back definitely dies and
you're you know that's going to be the
result decisions like that
uh I feel like a hello Dan
you just showed up in the middle of the
space station uh that's cool
um um but yeah the decisions like that I
can find difficult but I think the
hardest one is going to be related to
yours I'm pretty sure it was Fallout 3
uh my my dog died oh no and Fallout 3
was not
as friendly with auto saves as some
games are and I had been doing a lot of
open world exploration and I had to lose
like basically a day of gameplay um but
you did it didn't you and the decision
ended up basically being
like I'm just going to quit for now
because I don't think I can redo all of
that this second but I'm getting my dog
back so I'm going just close the game
and not save it so that I can like
commit this decision and then I'm going
to go move on and do something else for
a while and then eventually I did go
back to it um but yeah I obviously had
to get my dog back that was required
obviously yeah okay are you ready
to rumble another interesting thing just
came up oh all right fine so you're just
not going to do the thing that I've
spent this entire no I I I'm I'm ready
and I will do it but I I want to this is
part of it actually half the show I Got
a notification saying that a device was
added oh yeah you better believe it it
brought me out of the immersive
experience and was like yo you should
probably deal with this really quick and
then the second I dealt with it it was
like all right we're back that's pretty
cool yeah all right um so here's a
Macbook okay it's probably been a while
uh yeah long time um I don't know where
okay so basically what how do I close
the thing that I'm in uh oh you can
press the
crown I actually don't like how much I
end up interacting with the crown uh
it's not a ton but but the gesture
navigation is so fluid and so I feel
like there should be like a do this and
it closes whatever you're in or
something so much more natural that
really does feel like and and you know
what I I've been experiencing it pretty
raw so far so in between me getting all
of my own Impressions and writing the
review I'm going to go Google a bunch of
things so I'm going to Google every
complaint that I had and I'm going to
I'm going to learn a bunch more I'm
going to go oh yeah that's so much
better that would have helped so much so
I haven't done that yet but figuring out
how to get rid of a full screen
experience is something that um I need
to do or it needs to be better because
so far the crown is the the quickest
easiest way to get out of it that I
found so on that Mac you should see a
little connect button that just floats
above it yep all right so you just got
to look at it and pinch whoa I did it
you are now screen
projecting you can look down to the
bottom Edge and there's a bar just pinch
and you can move your screen projection
resizing to wherever you want oh no not
the bottom corner bottom Edge yeah there
you go there we go I moved it I want to
move it it's super cool and unless it's
more than one display it's not good
enough not good enough Yep this is this
feels like another one of those like the
V2 of this is going to be insane type of
things where like yeah I literally
immediately already want another screen
just like and and and I know some of
this will be able to be solved with apps
cuz as far as my understanding goes you
can have this connected laptop screen
and also other apps yes so like my if
I'm in this ecosystem I guess Apple
music or whatever could be up on the
side or you could have the Safari
browser running on the Vision Pro
interesting if you just needed a web
browser oh that's pretty help yeah I
don't think that completely solves the
multiple monitor thing but that helps it
a lot but your trackpad can go between
those
windows that's pretty big the projected
Mac one and the browser one
oh so that's a whole thing
wow that's pretty good if if you can
have Safari running on this not taking
up the screen that honestly that takes
care of probably 90% of wanting a
second monitor for me not 100% I still
want another screen at least one and
there's a lot of little quality of life
things that obviously need to improve
and are going to be improved like if you
stop if if you pull it off for 1 second
and put it back on no no don't don't do
it it's a big waste of time time to
reauthenticate which it can do with your
eyes you don't actually have to enter a
pin once you've done that good though
but sort of like if you're just like
scratch scratch and put it back time to
re authenticate and then time to reset
up all your stupid
windows it can't it can't authenticate
through Iris scan no no it can okay no
that's not the problem the problem is
whatever workspace you had set up that's
pretty annoying time to put it all back
yeah no they'll fix that I'm sure
they're going to fix that it would be
nice if there was like a a a a modes or
scenarios thing or something so you
could be like this is my like lounging
at home scenario so I want it to put my
windows in these different places and
stuff cuz needing to individually like
all the time could be pretty annoying
but this is the the screen on this is
like
yeah just insane it's so good yeah um so
yeah and and I I did not find like if
you try to watch video you can really
see it struggle a little bit like it's
definitely Wireless and if there was a
wired mode that would probably be
smoother uh in Apple's Infinite Wisdom
they have not implemented that
functionality so you can get a developer
strap that I believe can use a wire but
no actually no if I recall correctly I
don't think it can I think people are
still kind of figuring out exactly what
that thing is but it's USB 2 only H it's
like $300 it's either $200 or $300 and
it's also required to reset your
password like it's a whole thing just
it's just Apple things very cool
um anyway this is sweet yeah very cool
it's pretty cool yeah the fact that it
has a cable though and has absolutely no
way to just plug in to a computer and
transfer files off of it is
deranged though yeah that one blows me
away I was trying cuz I have more things
you want me to do no I think I think
that's pretty cool I mean you've had you
I think you've had a lot of the
experience at this point I um I I have a
lot of video yeah you look awful I have
a lot of video and photos on this that I
was that I need to get off in order to
do the review like I've got a lot of
screen recordings and stuff and I was
trying to figure out what's a fast way
that I can do that
cuz you know oh yeah is there a is there
a this to USBC or something or is there
like a you know if I pull this off is
there is there USBC ports so no no it
doesn't it's a computer with an M2 Chip
which tells you that it definitely has a
usb3 controller
four that doesn't have a port because
Apple figured well no you'll just do
everything
wirelessly
um what if I don't want to
what if I don't want to use
airdrop yeah well then I guess you
better buy more Apple products it's it's
typical you got to be in the app tyal
Apple I talked about this in the short
circuit but you obviously haven't
watched it um because you told me you
haven't watched it that's why it's
obvious um I talked about this in the
short circuit but probably the
most
Apple I love a lot of the things that
they do they obviously innovate but they
are so blatantly brazenly hostile
towards their own users that I just I
don't really understand why they put up
with it and the point that I made was
this look at what Apple includes on the
front like feel
it it's a nice cover yeah yeah I mean
that's it's a pretty nice cover isn't it
yeah so at
$34.99 or
36.99 or
3899 that's included that's great
because it means that oh God yeah 3500
bucks that's USD isn't it yeah this is a
$5,000 Canadian device okay but like
that's great right because it means if
you you know this is not this is not
something that fits in your pocket right
this is something you would have to
actively carry around with with intent
with purpose to use and given that the
battery life is in the couple of hours
to I think up to up to three or 4 hours
range um I haven't sat in it long enough
to run out of battery so I I was going
to rely on just like doing a benchmark
or something to kind of figure that out
um but it's but it's in that that fuse
one hand of hours range if you are going
any anywhere with it for any meaningful
amount of time you will also be carrying
a
charger but it's great includes this
because you would hate for this to get
scuffed
yeah guess what's not included some type
of protection for the
lenses Apple doesn't do anything by
accident why Luke why did they include
this cover but not this cover because if
the front of the device got super
scratched up and everything that's what
other people other potential buyers are
going to see
that will bother other people more well
what are you going to do what are you
going to do about the inside inside
lenses the new ones I guess well Apple
sells a travel case oh that one will
protect the inside lenses got it that
makes sense so for everyone else we need
to make sure the product looks its best
and we will take care of that we will
make sure of that for you the person who
actually bought it
you just scared
Dan sorry I'm not mad at you um for you
the person who actually bought it Go
yourself buy
more it
is it is something that I don't
understand how anyone cannot see it's so
transparent in their product design in
their
decisions in the way that they sure
and how do you tolerate it how do you
accept it um wow I don't have my airpods
on me that's actually very unusual I um
there's a couple of fulling comments
airpods though yeah the airpods
pros think about how they look in your
ears what color are
they white yeah how how describe the
white pearly white
it's perfect sure it's pristine yeah
what do they look like when you open it
up to use them I don't have Pros okay
well they have like they have white
silicone things that go into your ear
canal so tell me what color you think
they are yeah those are going to get
discolored real quick yelly yeah every
time you the user go to look at the
product that you paid $250 us for it
looks
disgusting put in the ear looks great
again the only reason as far as I can
tell that black airpods don't exist is
because F you the user who paid for them
the white I'm sorry but I actually thing
in your ear looks very iconic like I
cannot because Apple has absolutely done
products in other colors they have the
whole that whole red thing that they've
done phones have come in various colors
for a long time sure of course of course
Apple has done Black Max before um they
they they they absolutely are willing to
make things in other colors I think the
white looks good the white looks great
yeah for 3 days what if they had uh like
the like black or any other color of the
Silicon tip thing what if they did they
don't would that make you happy though
uh yeah pretty much okay yeah yeah yeah
I I would settle for that yeah cool yeah
but it's one of those things that users
have complained about for years you know
like the the charger on the bottom of
the mouse and they
just don't care um or positioning icons
on the home screen the fact that they
just so so
brazenly just so transparently give zero
FS
whatsoever it's just it's just it's
bizarre and the fact that they they do
not immediately get called out on this
by absolutely everyone is baffling you
have a protector thing the quest doesn't
cost $3 3500 dollars that's fair
and the quest Again
Luke doesn't come with the cover for the
part that Apple cares
about it's not about you the person who
actually paid for it it's about Apple's
priorities I don't know man I'm not I've
decided at this point I've talked about
it on W show I've talked about it in the
short circuit I'm not going to really
spend a lot of time on that in the
review but it's just one of those things
people ask why do you hate apple I don't
hate Apple I like lots of their products
what I hate is their attitude I hate how
they just they are so openly hostile
towards their
users they are they are the
they're and and the is this one of those
situations though where it's like the
the open hostility that you don't like
because I think there's a lot of stuff
that other companies are doing in less
communicative ways it's also it's also
the hypocrisy just as or more evil it's
also the hypocrisy oh there's no doubt
in my mind lots of companies that are
far more evil than Apple let's talk
Nestle right like you don't have to go
competing companies like which which
one's the one that um that basically was
like yeah we yeah people were murdered
it was basically by us but it wasn't in
the United States it's outside of the
jurisdiction like that was their defense
they never even claimed that they didn't
have people kill well let's not get this
one wrong that's a yeah that's a good
point
um uh
uh I want to say it was some kind of um
Beverage Company I thought it was a
beverage company uh it looks like it was
uh it looks like it
was
um it looks like it was Coca-Cola uh
found an article from the guardian yeah
and they they they uh try to push like
that that isn't an admittance that we
actually did this that was just a way to
get it thrown out of court but it's like
yeah yeah right but like if you didn't
do it maybe that would have been the
better defense you know it might have
been worth it just from a PR standpoint
if you didn't do it to fight that case
yeah that you didn't do it so sure I'm
not going to say that Apple's the
evilest company um but what I will say
is that apple is the company that
doesn't respect us enough to tell a
believable
lie and I just don't understand why we
tolerate that m just tell me that you're
not going to ship a charger in the Box
because you don't want to just
tell me that you want the box to be
smaller because the logistics cost at
the volume that you're doing the number
of iPhones that you're shipping every
year just tell me that it's a huge
savings don't tell me you're saving the
Earth you're not saving the Earth you
make decisions
actively on every product cycle to
destroy the Earth faster you go out of
your way to make it so that your
products are less repairable so that
they don't last as long as cost
effectively so then just don't say you
do that that's the other thing that just
drives me absolutely up the wall so how
openly hostile they are how hard their
users ride them in spite of that and how
just how how not believable at all the
lie that they tell me is at least have a
good story
pretend give me something we can all
kind of get on board with and go okay
yeah sure maybe even if I don't believe
it 100% at least there's some grains of
Truth here just say we didn't want to
spend you know $13 on a power brick for
every iPhone just say that and you can
even you can even win that like the I
want the box to be smaller thing you can
even win that with the logistics side
because you're like we're trying to
spend you know less fuel mov or I mean
this is a good one so with the with the
charger one
okay just just play play along a little
bit if they had said okay we're not
including a charger this generation and
dro the price by 20 bucks and then the
next Generation just like put it back in
you know at least at least give us some
time to forget or something but they
didn't they they took out the charger
and they increased the price anyway like
it did there was never a benefit yeah um
there there's two comments in philppine
that I want to talk about before I
forget them um zero transform this is
more something for you he said make sure
to check out the Apple TV plus immersive
videos it's mind-blowing how well they
did 3D 180 no weird distortions in the
scale is Flawless sure check that out
and then handyman uh has said about 47
times um you should try Quest three at
$500 it offers much more albeit not that
great display but at $500 it does a lot
more than the Vision Pro it does a lot
more depending on what you're trying to
do if you play Fitness games
yeah you buy one of these what are you
an idiot yeah that's not what it's for
whereas if you buy a quest three and
what you want is to watch immersive
video in extremely high quality and be
more productive with your
Mac yeah right like it's it's it's
horses for courses that feels like from
my experience so far the correct take uh
uh what was that thing that saying no
nobody's wearing a quest 3 in public oh
the thing uh Apple TV plus immersive
video or
something I I scrolled away from the
I've got that on my list of experiences
that I've also got like someone
apparently got um steam link working and
so like there's a handful of things that
are still on my list of stuff that I
need to try but I'm I'm definitely done
with it I'm especially done interacting
with other people with this thing on
like yeah the pass through is great and
you've got the the eyes and you know
whatever but you know Apple has stated
that their vision for this product was
that it wouldn't isolate you and that's
just that's a complete swing and a miss
it is utterly isolating um conducting an
in-person meeting with somebody is just
not cool with this thing you can you
absolutely can but it serves no
purpose for the interaction with other
people for one thing I feel like that's
almost like you're you're taking it too
far like are they suggesting conducting
an inperson meeting they can't do
anything that I'm doing they can't see
anything that I'm seeing and it has no
benefit for me
because unless I have some kind of
supplemental material that for whatever
reason nobody else needs to see like I I
might as well just look at what everyone
else is looking at I I want to address
this really quick uh handyman is I think
very upset about someone like The Vision
Pro I I might be projecting I'm not sure
but he said productivity is not good
though uh I don't think you can say that
um because if someone's like I'm going
to measure my productivity uh at my desk
using my laptop versus at my desk using
my laptop with my Vision Pro like yeah
no who
cares the thing that people are talking
about is when you're if if you're out
and about if you're on a train if you're
on a plane if you're in an automobile um
and you're able to you're able to make
the the screen bigger and then still use
your your keyboard and trackpad I can
absolutely see this being a benefit for
people in scenarios there's like no way
that it isn't that would actually
be mind-blowingly ridiculous in my
opinion if it wasn't in some scenarios
but is it a productivity Boon when
you're sitting at your desk yeah
probably not and it all depends on what
your desk setup looks like sure at my
desk I have a gigantic monitor already
and you know what so back to my point
where like I I've conducted a couple of
script reviews using the Vision Pro
which you remember how script review
works we pull up the script um I drive
but we have a lot of conversations about
you know how can we tweak this to make
this the best script that we possibly
can well did you notice that your
MacBook goes black yeah when you this is
what I'm though where like it it feels
like an inappropriate scenario like I
just wouldn't use it then you can't
duplicate it yeah that's ridiculous you
actually can't I we've talked about this
before you you should it should
absolutely default and I think it should
default every time time yes uh to screen
completely blanked out I don't even
think there should be a setting to
change the default but you should be
able to override it in the moment and be
like no I want to have both of them
showing so you know how we did script
view I had my computer in front of me
and I was using my keyboard the do open
on another and then I had a teams call
and I was sharing the window with
someone sitting next to me on their
laptop so we were essentially conducting
a virtual meeting in
person yeah you can a battery bank or
some kind or you can just plug it into
your laptop yeah I I feel like people
are are making up shortcomings because
it's really expensive but you have to
understand that it being really
expensive is enough of a shortcoming and
you have to understand that it being
really expensive is a feature for
certain people also that yeah it is an
attention
getter far more than probably any piece
of technology that I have touched in the
last 10 years like the folding phone
that was that's a convers starter huge
conversation starter the second you walk
up and unfold your phone and start doing
something people are like w less now but
especially in the first couple of years
it was just something that people hadn't
seen um and I think it was also aided by
the fact that it wasn't Apple so nobody
had even seen Samsung's marketing for it
they just had no idea this was a thing
that existed um this immediate attention
get it you go anywhere you do anything
with it people are going to hate it
people are going to love it people are
going to have feelings about it 100% And
for a lot of people the fact that it's
exclusive the fact that it's
expensive that's a good thing lot people
like that that makes them stand out even
more look at luxury goods it's what
Apple's been trying to be luxury luxury
goods this whole time right so like just
look at the luxury goods space the
entire thing about it is exclusivity I
have it you don't therefore I am cool
it's not about how many the company will
sell it's about how few of them people
can afford to buy and then like apple
you you know because they're actually a
technology company a consumer
electronics company not a luxury goods
company they they always get kind of
torn right because they they they create
these these things but then they are
subject to the same pressures as the
rest of the consumer electronics
Industry so the pricing does have to
make its way into you know somewhat
affordable consumer land at some point
but this one's not there this is very
much a statement piece I mean it's the
first new category they've actually
introduced under Tim Cook's leadership I
think like has he airpods I'd say
airpods are a Tim Cook era Smash Hit um
the watch is doing okay the watch is
doing pretty solid feels like it's doing
better than the other watch but I don't
think either of those are as big no as
big of a swing as this this a big deal
he said what there's 5,000 patents to
bring this thing over the line or
something like that and this is this is
something I've ended up getting into it
with a couple people in the comments
already is people saying it's overpriced
it's not overpriced do you have any idea
how much this thing cost to
develop what does overpriced mean this
this is this is the same this is the
exact same problem with the whole
streaming debate that we've had uh over
the last little bit where streaming
debate yeah because everyone's like uh
streaming like you should pay creators
more and and companies should be super
flush with money and it's like no
they're all broke um like twitch doesn't
make any money uh what was what was what
was even the one Microsoft had I don't
even remember anymore a mixer mixer like
died hard cuz they were like yeah we
brought in a bunch of big streamers
people still didn't care and it just
cost us a bunch of money let's get rid
of it um and meta just like has been
deleting like billions have they not
yeah trying to work on VR they're not
making
money they're not making money at all uh
yeah I don't know it doesn't mean that
it has to be like oh that knowing that
automatically makes it worth it for you
no that doesn't mean that at all but it
does mean that like yeah it might make
sense that it's actually pretty
expensive yeah I mean it's it's not bomb
cost is not everything you have to
include R&D R&D costs money yeah support
costs money yeah marketing costs money
paying developers to adopt their apps to
this thing which might be something that
happens I don't know maybe with some
really major developers not with us and
believe it or not you have to pay for
the marketing that makes it so more
other people will buy it so that they
can amortize the development costs over
more units because at the end of the day
the cost is all all of the costs it's
it's it's all of them it can't just you
can't just look at bomb cost it's not
that simple and it never will be yeah
but guess what there's good
news if you don't like the price you can
just not buy one yes absolutely and this
is another thing that I was just going
to get into and I've talked about this a
lot on W show I'm going to bring it up
again uh but you should criticize things
for the right reasons and not for the
wrong reasons because when you criticize
things for the wrong reasons it makes
that thing look better not worse it's
actually super important people screw
this up all the time it's very easy to
uh go after things that don't matter and
then when you go after things that don't
matter the people that are trying to
defend it uh Will Ham on that and then
you you're not winning the game
basically look so criticize legitimate
things about it and don't just try to
make stuff up I know math is hard when
you're an idiot but look if you're a
broke boy just say
so it's the Pokemon I know I know oh man
wow you're not a broke boy if you can't
afford a Vision Pro uh most people
shouldn't just be able to like magically
afford a Vision Pro $3,500 is a lot of
money especially American five grand
that's roughly five grand right gets it
which is which is nice I it probably
also helps that this is not my product
and I'm not defending it I'm telling you
guys I can't wait to stop using it yeah
so this is $
Canadian I know like close to no one
that just has that in like oh I could
just go randomly SP what did you enter
in the in the calculator 3500 USD to CAD
oh well I mean don't you want any
storage on it oh my goodness that's the
128 gig what really it comes with at
$3500 yeah look at his face at
$3500 it comes with
128 GB do you know how of storage I
bought a I bought a one wait wait wait
hold on people are saying 256 hold on
hold on hold on I bought a 2 terab m.2
drive like on Tuesday or Monday for $100
I think L 256 it's 256 I'm sorry that's
still ridiculous that's still ridiculous
that's a lot better I was stunned that
128 could even like exist yeah I'm sorry
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry 256 is still
bad that is 256 gigs do you want to know
how much another 256 gbes of storage
will cost you did they bump you to like
four grand no not quite okay it will
cost you
$200
yeah and another another 512 will cost
you another $200 so that's how you get
to your 4K I was like there's got to be
a $4,000 device here there's a $4,000
device oh the old Apple ladder yep so we
have a video coming soon where we built
a PC Pro because the I everyone knows
the the current Mac Pro is a meme it's a
Mac Studio in a giant chassis for
thousands of dollars more like it's
absolutely completely
ridiculous so we did a video building a
PC Pro to compete with it where we take
the same budget and we just absolutely
sh wreck it like it's it's not even
funny uh last time we did a PC Pro it
was tough the Mac Pro came out ahead in
some cases because it was a really
powerful machine and like apple has some
good soft you know blah blah blah right
this time around the thing's a joke like
you can build such an overpowered
monster that it just has absolutely no
chance whatsoever and one of the
problems is that the storage costs so
much Elijah and I did the
math guess what costs more per per unit
weight
Apple Storage apple nand
chips or
gold it isn't
close is gold the cheapest one gold is
[Laughter]
cheaper that's
fantastic that's a that's a yikes uh so
wait sorry so how how much is the lens
protector the travel case thing so we
grab a chunk of the gold controller that
I didn't end up using cuz I needed an
opening for wireless communication and
we like weigh it next to an SSD that's
like the same capacity and it's it's in
the video I think we uh we played around
with it a little bit like we uh 200 US
um like the carrot of the gold that we
were using what didn't match something
so we like we put a couple weights under
the SSD to make our point but then we we
we adjust we we account for it basically
uh but they are they're they're similar
or I shouldn't have said it wasn't close
they're similar or uh or the gold is
cheaper um what was I what was I going
to say there was another thing real
quick here uh and yeah the gold the
Gold's a better investment um shoot I
was about to say something ah I missed
it sorry no you were G to say something
yeah I'm trying to Total together like
if if you wanted to trick yours out cuz
I mean you're you know you're spending
3500 us on it anyway oh that's right
it's a couple hundred bucks so yeah
someone someone I I haven't found this
to corroborate but somebody said uh it
so it's it's
$38.99 to get the one tbte version yep
$3,900 baby compared to
$34.99 uh and then you throw on
$499 Apple Care y so I mean you just
spent four grand on a device you might
as well protect it oh there's a
deductible by the way for accident
damage on this one Apple Care is not
Apple Care on this one and then and then
you want to get your travel case cuz the
best use case scenario as we've been
saying isn't just sitting at your desk
it's when you're out and about so you
also need the travel case which is what
250 bucks USD don't forget that if you
have any need any kind of corrective
lenses you'll need to pay extra for the
corrective lens insert so you could get
to 4,000 just for the headset itself you
one terab with corrective lenses let's
say you've got some corrective lenses
and you go for one terab and it's 4
grand uh then it's
$475 to honestly like properly set up
your one tbte with corrective lenses
Vision Pro because the travel
case maybe there's going to be third
party ones almost certainly there's
going to be third party ones that you
can get uh but you like should I don't
know yeah maybe if Apple Care isn't as
good as it normally is maybe oh does
Apple Care all have deductibles oh has
that always been the case I don't think
so I didn't think it used to when did
that's hilarious I've never got Apple
care because I haven't bought any
expensive Apple devices um but people
that are into Apple stuff all tell me
that it's really
good has that always been a thing oh for
accidental damage there's always been a
deductible okay all right that's good to
know yeah I've personally damage that
makes sense I've personally never bought
Apple Care
before but it's uh but it's cheaper so
only for accidental damage or loss okay
yep that's good to know thank you very
much
guys I also want
a a laptop to go with mine I don't have
a Macbook oh yeah okay but that's a
that's a dangerous argument and that's
one that I actually I strongly object to
I mean we talked about this Dan
optimistically just trying to move the
show along with his little signs we
haven't even done merch messages yet D
take that away take that we'll do
sponsors later we did we did no no we
didn't we didn't explain them and stuff
yeah we I was just stalling for time um
so to bring up a previous controversy
when I talked about the PS portal I had
people saying well the price is so much
because to even use it you need a
PlayStation I don't think Sony ever
positioned the PS portal as a device for
people who don't already own a
PlayStation and in much the same way I
don't think apple is positioning this
device as something for people who don't
already have a
Mac I don't think they are explicitly
saying unless you have a Mac you might
as well not buy it but the fact that
they have a facial scan that requires
you to have a relatively recent iPhone
in order to even go through the
checkout I think they've made their
point clearly enough if you don't have a
Mac and you want to jump into this
ecosystem you need corrective lenses you
want the one ter version you're going to
get the travel case and you're going to
get apple care if you if if all these
things line up uh you're you're a cool
$7,250 in the whole
yeah that's one heck of a trip to the
Apple Store and that's going to happen
oh yeah 100% I guarantee it 100% I mean
on a payment plan but make sure you get
your Apple credit card yeah I I saw the
numbers recently the the number of
transactions going through on Apple's
credit card are H they're apparently
doing okay I think whatever bank they
collaborated with wanted out of it or
something I've been sort of only barely
peripherally following it but
interesting people have Apple credit
cards apparently so that's a
[Laughter]
thing oh did they dissolve the credit
card okay there you go apparently it's
dead um
cool what Goldman Sachs wants out
Goldman oh okay there you go okay so I I
think they still have Apple pay though
no they definitely still have Apple pay
uh someone says no it's not dead I still
have no yeah it's not dead there on the
Vision Pro there's a thing Finance Apple
card monthly payments yeah Goldman wants
out though I guess I guess whatever deal
Apple negotiated with them is not doing
it well for them and I think Goldman
also wants to go back to being more uh
like Investment Bank and un L like
consumer business or something like that
I don't know it was a while back got it
um they're leaving retail banking
entirely they just want to deal with
rich people yeah fair
enough all right I think this is the
point in the show where we're supposed
to explain merch messages and do a
couple the way to interact with the show
is not to buy a Vision Pro we actually
get none of that that goes all straight
to Apple um if you get one though you
should watch the show using it yeah yeah
and then apparently you're a baller so
you should probably buy some merch yeah
so the way to interact with the show is
through a merch message all you got to
do is go to LTT store.com check out our
new black 9 to5 Polo or a couple of our
new graphic T's a screwdriver a backpack
whatever it is you're into hey did I
mention the backpack has lots of space
in the compartment of holding for your
Apple Vision Pro as well as your MacBook
and your iPad and all that it's actually
like unironically kind of awesome for
carrying around the Vision Pro and all
the accessories that you need for it
it's got pockets for everything we were
way ahead of the curve on this one oh
this is even better check this out
Luke um here we go so with the with the
Vision
Pro our cargo pants our upcoming cargo
pants
have a perfect pocket for the battery
bank that's pretty sick anyway um what
was I talking about right merch messages
in the cart you will see a little box
yes cart right checkout crap I don't
know somewhere just go through the
checkout in the cart you'll see a little
box when we're live you can leave a
merch message it'll go to our producer
Dan there he is he will either reply to
it forward to it forward it to someone
who can help you or he will curate it
for me and Luke to talk about on the
show Dan do you want to show them how it
works couple curated ones yeah I got
lots here let's do it yo dll the hardest
choice of my childhood was who to
sacrifice at the end we did oh I must
have been out of the room I'm so sorry
you got to you got to Archive them what
else sorry I forgot I was really busy
trying to trouble you something no I did
oh yep we're good this is not how it
normally works uh yo D I work for an MSP
doing tier one and voice over IP I love
coding and automation as a hobby but
when I try to make some work related the
higher ups seem to uh kind of prefer the
hard or long way around any
suggestions oh I mean oh man I'm going
to sound so jaded and cynical right now
but like dude yeah man
I one of the conversations that drove me
out of
NC was when I popped into the president
and CEO's office who was not ter and it
was a different different person I had
three bosses there and what I've
realized over the years is that in the
interest of keeping them semi-anonymous
I've always just said my boss at ncx
whenever I talk about any of them so
I'll tell a story or someone will
encounter an old story that I told about
my boss at NC and like a super stupid
thing they did they'll be like why' you
hire him then
okay multiple different people so this
particular boss um did a lot of things
right I did a lot of things like I'm
about to tell you um
I think my way of describing this to
people at the time um when I was talking
about how frustrated I was was um it
felt like arguing with someone who was
using Moon logic um because we had an
issue some new graphics card had
launched uh I want to say it was
5770 or something like that I don't know
whatever it doesn't matter some AMD
graphics card launched and 5 570 no I I
don't remember it doesn't matter the
point is um that part number
okay that or that string of digits
happened to have an issue where it was
extremely common in UPC codes for PCs
and
electronics um in particular some
graphics cards especially XFX so when
you searched for it you would
get one or two Real Results that happen
to be XFX radio on cards that happened
to also that happen to be in the UPC
code as well as as in the model number
and part number and then you'd get some
other random graphics cards and then a
bunch of other random stuff because the
way that our search engine worked on
nc.com it would not
prioritize it would not prioritize
product description this was so annoying
or part number over UPC so annoying for
a partial match yeah cuz it was only a
partial match of the UPC but it was a
full match of the description
and also a partial match but a more
complete partial match of the part
number right so I pop my head into the
office and I was like hey we need to
seriously I like if you want to return a
search result for a UPC like by all
means someone might have a barcode
scanner at a at a replenishment station
or something and they scan a UPC and
they might expect a result um no problem
but we need to stop returning results
for partial
upcs and he like grabs something on his
desk and go goes well what if I would
want to buy one of these and I looked at
this and I typed part of it and I
pressed enter and I'm
like why the would anyone do that
no one on the planet I I I bet you that
happened less than five times that one
person probably just to prove a point
did it at least once or twice and no one
else ever did it
again and he basically goes and I'm like
right but no one does that and he's like
well how do you know and I go because
that doesn't make any sense human nobody
would ever do that yeah
you're partial you know product name
sure partial partial part number I mean
God maybe maybe you would want to return
a result for every EVGA GPU that has a
lifetime warranty so you would do a
search for asterisk d a you know which
which was the suffix like I could come
up with some conceivable reason someone
might do that with a part number maybe
with a up C are you kidding me
absolutely not they're unique
identifiers for every product yeah and I
was basically sent out of the office and
told go put together a presentation go
do research on how everyone else's
search engines work and whether they do
or do not return results a course
they don't because it's
stupid and I have to put together like a
presentation for this I'm like this is
utter waste of my time why do I why
exactly do I work here that was that was
one of the the big pivotal moments that
and the other story that I tell the time
were like the two huge ones that I kind
of went how do I how do I do this
anymore I I can't be putting together a
common sense presentation for people who
are supposed to be smarter than
me so I guess what I'm trying to say is
it never ends because when you start
your own company and you have a whole
bunch of people working for you if you
know anything about leadership and
empowerment you are going to empower
people to do things and going to do it
moonway anyway in spite of the fact that
supposedly they work for you or whatever
and you're going to have to explain it
and reach a consensus because if you
just come in and be a dictator then well
you're just a dick um so it never ends
and you probably don't have any ters
either no I I got lots of ters oh nice
yeah we've got the potato PC coming oh
yeah it's pretty funny okay so I'm so
sorry it never ends
I for until you said that I forgot this
was even a merch message yeah hello L
cool L and D as a cyber security
professional I have seen people
disregard security too much what has
been the worst you've seen so far also
remember to audit sharing links in teams
well I think uh I think when we uh you
know had Justine and Wendell on the the
Perpetual wow dock that's the worst
thing ever that's that's such a security
today what if you guys missed the
pre-show you're you're telling a story
that most people don't have context for
so we we figured out that I Justine and
level one Tex Wendell Justine from I
Justine and Wendell from level one Tex
um are shared on the Perpetual wow doc
uh and some people were like oh my God
you have to fix that it's a security
hole and I'm like it doesn't matter if
they change something and then someone
brought up a much more decent point
which is like what if their account gets
compromised and then someone could
access this and I'm like yeah it still
doesn't matter it's just it's just a w
show Doc we can restore it to its
previous state
instantaneously and they're going to
secretly find some tech
news yeah it doesn't matter it should be
fine most egregious thing I don't know
people take pictures of their keys and
post on social media all the time even
techie people it's crazy okay Devil's
Advocate by the time someone's at your
front door the key doesn't fcking matter
uh it still totally does why no evidence
breaking entry stuff like
that yeah I
mean I I I I feel like I feel like
that's a really like CSI is real kind of
answer because realistically every
keyhole on Earth is so is completely
scuffed anyway you're not going to be
able to look at it and be like oh it
looks like somebody mine's in good State
sure I home drunk you live in an
apartment building though I mean come on
like yeah I I think it I think it
depends on the intent of did I detect
some
judgin so you're saying you don't come
home when you get drunk is
that oh my goodness um no I I think I
think it depends on the intent on the
the person who's trying to get into your
house sure um if they're attempting
something violent like yeah it doesn't
make a difference break the door down uh
if they're attempting to steal all your
stuff yeah it probably doesn't make a
difference but if they're trying uh
something sneaky decky like then
planting a Tracker or a microphone in
your house camera or whatever else yeah
okay but then you know let's come let's
come back to if somebody wanted to do
that badly enough what is actually
probably easier social engineering or or
like just just casually like Reverse
Pick pocketing whatever that's called
where they just like drop something in
your purse or in your pocket I don't
know name it either like like or I mean
realistically at in this day and age
couldn't couldn't they just grab a drone
and drop a microphone down your chimney
like Honestly
though seriously though there how do
people have open chimneys I mean it's a
thing okay it's a totally a thing all
right you wouldn't even have to put it
down the chimney I mean there's
listening devices that you can get at
freaking The Spy Store on Broadway that
you could just aim at someone's house
and basically hear anything anyone's
saying in there like it's just it does
get pretty brutal I I think that the
picture of the key is an active
motivator so you're saying it's kind of
like opening the door yes um you're
going like oh here's something you could
do you could 3D print this and break it
in my house ha and I think people will
do it because of that yeah but if they
have a malicious intent I I think that
will like genuinely give people
malicious I don't know man it's it's
less work to get a gun in many states
than it is to go 3D print a key if you
don't know anything about
for some people it's going to be less
work to get a gun and if you do know a
lot about 3D printing then you could
just 3D print a gun like that's my point
is I just I don't think that this
barrier of this to acquire ammunition of
this lock is I I don't think it's
particularly meaningful yeah especially
when you have Windows I I just like yeah
if if you had a Mac on the other hand
you'd be
fine but everyone sad
Bell sad Bell um just covered in cables
you can just just cut a key once you
have the picture that's my whole point
yeah that's what Luke is saying I'm just
saying it doesn't really matter cuz if
you wanted to get through someone's door
like lockpicking kits are legal and
practically free
yeah
yeah like I kind of want to learn how to
do it just for
fun I have all the
stuff yeah that doesn't surprise
me I have a range of practice locks I
I'm sure you do whatever pcks you'd want
to use nothing nothing you're saying
nothing you're saying surprises me at
all so yeah no problem whenever you want
to you want to figure it out yep for
sure uh uh Dan do you want to give us
one more sure should come to our team
building exercise that be fun yeah we
did that you guys did lockpicking yeah
we did so I buried the B I mean the held
the
shovel buried the
shovel we do we do ours are ours are
skills themed so we hang out in the
workshop okay and people bring in
different projects that they might have
or or things that they could teach each
other and we just do that do those
things so Dan was like painting
something yeah I got a high-end airbrush
for the first time and Sean and I were
working on lockpicking and next time
Sean wants to do something with Lego and
I'm probably going to build one of tinan
CO2 sensors and yeah I'll teach you how
to solder properly that would be sweet
that Beck I've done it before but I'm
going to I'm almost certainly terrible
sold yeah you're terrible you're worse
than me and I'm terrible yeah make you
good one evening and go great yeah yeah
that would be it would be nice to learn
yes hello. D it was brought up in a
pre-show but why does lmg utilize
Microsoft's business ecosystem not
Google's where's Apple in this market
how would it be different I think I kind
of wanted the end of this like how would
Apple's bu I don't think yeah I don't
think that we could have scripted this
any better good good job Dan that was
the perfect merch message to finish up
our conversation about Apple so first I
guess Luke should go on his thing for
anyone who wasn't on the pre-show
talking about why it ex why exactly it
is that we subscribe to three different
business ecosystems and pay for all of
that yeah so this was this was a long
long rant that I went on in the pre-
show so if you're subscribed to flow
plane or
uh there there's other roads to get it
but I don't have to tell you um yeah you
can just find it on Twitch wait no
there's no VA on Twitch
right yeah get wrecked um but
essentially the the short form is that
Microsoft covers everything in the
workspace more or less but it kind of
has like B tier versions of all of it
for the most part some of some of them
are are the best I I will give them that
but for a lot of it it's mostly like BC
tier versions of it um I don't think
teams is the best team communication app
um I think slack leaves a lot to be
desired but I think it's better than
teams um I don't think one drive is the
best like company Drive app the
SharePoint exist I know I think Google
Drive is easier to use um I also think
that the one drive like apps like the uh
web versions of like Word and Excel and
stuff like that are not as good as like
Google Docs Google Sheets stuff like
that Google collaboration has gotten
really good in the last very very I
can't find anything in my drive but once
I find it men can I ever collaborate
yeah yeah so like if you want the
best collaborative word doc edit
you want G
Suite um and it's probably going to cost
you more in like annoyance dealing with
Microsoft Word online whatever one drive
stuff than it would be to have G Suite
so then you just have G Suite but then
our whole we have all three of them
situation is we don't have slack for the
whole company we just have slack for the
developers uh and then teams is for the
rest of the company
because teams is is just getting the
entire Microsoft Suite is like cheaper
than getting slack basically so we have
we have Microsoft for the rest of it
because we get teams and we also get you
know local apps for like Word and Excel
and stuff and there's people on the team
that absolutely need the the power the
massive Powerhouse that is local Excel
um and there's some other good things in
the Microsoft 365 business license um so
we have that and then for developers we
also have slack and the whole thing is
just ridiculous and it's very annoying
um if if Google could get could figure
it out and start making things that they
don't abandon um and could actually make
a business chat app which I I have no
idea and i' I I even know people that
work there and I haven't asked any of
them I bet you they have their own
internal system for
communications and they just like don't
share it with other people I bet you
that's a thing they have so many
internal tools it's insane I bet you
they have a chat one and I wish they
would just include it with Google
workspace because Google Chat is not a
acceptable there's a reason why like
basically no one uses it um cuz it's not
acceptable ridiculous it's been so
annoying the way they've been like kind
of shoving it down my throat like
anytime I want to share something on
Android I click on Gmail like do you
want to use no I don't want to use chat
no you guys told me you kept you told me
you were going to deprecate this like
eight times yeah and so I switched off
of it yeah we used Hangouts yes as a
company we used Hangouts and it was like
kind of weird but it worked it well the
best thing about it was that when you
searched it searched everything yes it
searched your drive your email and your
chats and so once we switched off of it
we kind of adapted to the inconvenience
of having to search you know these
various places and now there's no way
that we'd go back to it because
apparently they do use Google Chat says
karate one yeah there's going to be some
people but it's like they almost like
the developers almost certainly would
use like slack or something right I
haven't used Google chat in a long time
but I strongly believe so yeah um I mean
I mean who knows Google meet uh is like
excellent Google meet is great just
works I mean I don't know what version
of it I'm using but it seems to be
mostly good we we have switched to using
teams for all of our meetings because
the calendar invites were getting
confusing for people and people wanted
to use teams because they're saying that
the transcription is better and stuff I
haven't tested them against each other I
will say having switched to using teams
for meetings more often it is definitely
clunkier overall than meat it might
still be worth using for a variety of
reasons I'm not sure I don't know um
but yeah so here's why I wanted to talk
about
this one of the realizations that I've
had in my
admittedly just dropped it uh admittedly
limited time with the Apple Vision Pro
so far is that Apple needs to figure out
what the heck they want to
do they are hardware company there a
services company but they don't want to
build their services to the point where
it compromises their ability to be a
hardware company but they're clearly
making a transition
and the thing that made this stand out
to me was in the Apple marketing for the
Vision
Pro I I keep coming back to this they've
got that lady that's packing for a trip
right and she gets a call on FaceTime
and the whole thing is so seamless and
so cool and it's like right but there is
one person in my entire life who uses
FaceTime absolutely every single other
person that I interact with is via
WhatsApp Facebook
Messenger Microsoft teams Discord quite
literally anything other than
FaceTime and so what I what I realized
as I was sitting in the Apple Vision Pro
thinking about how on Earth I interact
with anybody outside of this thing was
Apple's going to have to decide at some
point are they they actually cuz this is
not a consumer product it is but it also
the how can go to that price point it
also isn't yeah this is a this is a
professional tier product I mean it has
Pro right in the name which admittedly
is pretty meaningless yeah um at this
point especially for Apple but it really
is but it really is most useful for me
so far as a as a productivity tool or at
least I can see the most clear path to
using it every day at work not not in
not in not in my my leisure time um and
what I realized was the biggest thing
holding back apple is the Apple
ecosystem which is sort of an ironic
thing to
say but imagine for a second true
imagine for a second I don't know you're
right if FaceTime was crossplatform
would that make a difference difference
to your willingness to use this for work
every day if people could just call you
via like corporate coms I mean FaceTime
but but it can just call you with teams
maybe as long as there's a teams app and
as long as it's not a garage I was using
teams on my laptop so I was using teams
on my laptop and projecting my laptop
screen to someone else while also
projecting it in front of my MacBook
it's super clunky no it's awful it's a
terrible
experience but if I could just with how
seamless FaceTime is just have you know
people on my call Stack Up and the whole
thing just worked man that would be
amazing all of a sudden I'd be like okay
let's all just get
MacBooks not quite you know we're
talking a few Generations into this
thing but I think I and you know what
people there's going to be a lot of
people who don't agree yeah I think have
you tried to invite someone who doesn't
have an Apple device to FaceTime
you uh no you can invite anyone to join
you in a FaceTime call even people who
don't have an Apple device they can join
you in a one-on-one and group FaceTime
calls from their browser no login is
necessary they need to have the latest
version of either Chrome or Edge so tell
me something would you roll out
slack if that was how it
worked if you could only if you could
invite people but they like couldn't
call you like come on oh I see so that's
how it would have to work okay okay okay
yeah so that's so that's what that's
what I'm saying is I think that's lame I
think there's an opportunity there
though because nobody hates
FaceTime nobody hates iMessage Yep this
is clearly a piece of Hardware that
could
be
just awesome for that kind of use I
think there are plenty of workspaces
that just only have Max though I'm sure
there are but what about all of the
other ones yeah yeah yeah I don't know I
would seriously consider I would
seriously
consider paying apple as a Services
Company even though I don't necessarily
have a ton of interest in deploying
their Hardware we already do which is
sick but would you would you would you
consider FaceTime
iMessage they had a little bit of
genuinely zero experience with imessage
I have never used it it's fine the way
that it hand it be fine for corporate
Communications it would be fine there
channels and stuff the way it handles
group chats is pretty good there's
definitely some things that it would
that it would
need oh just like even mentioning group
chats you're just like triggering me
about how frustrating teams is to use we
we have this infrastructure call that we
do every Monday and Thursday at 11:
whatever doesn't matter
um multiple myself and Sean we can't
join it it'll it'll show up like AJ will
start the call it'll show up and say the
call has
ended and there's no there isn't even an
option to join like slack sometimes
there might be some problem with the
notification or whatever but you can
just click the join button anyways the
Huddle button and even if there's
nothing there it shows that no one's in
the call it'll put you in the call and
then it'll detect all the people so you
can like force your way in even if it's
acting weird uh but for teams it just no
you just can't join so you have to
completely closed teams and loaded again
for it to work I I hate how
communicating in
teams teams within teams another very
annoying naming thing but in the teams
side it's very frustrating um so almost
all communication that I end up having
ends up happening in group chats anyways
it's like what's the point I I don't
know teams is very frustrating I don't
know I don't know it was just it was
kind of a random thought that I had I
haven't articulated it particularly well
I think Apple's standing in their own
way by tying their software to their
Hardware I also think though that one of
the reasons why they have so many di
hard users that are going to buy stuff
like this is because they have this wall
ecosystem sure but they could also have
the experience be enhanced by their own
Hardware they could they could create
extra value for their users through
their Hardware not an acceptable
solution for people that keep rather
than have a gun to their user's head buy
our Hardware or you get nothing
it's just it's a very very different
philosophy it's a very different
approach and I think that it's one that
requires some serious thought over there
do we want to be a hardware company
forever or do we want to be a Solutions
provider Microsoft is growing like crazy
right
now oh yeah Microsoft is absolutely
winning absolutely winning wild in like
everything they're doing basically
except maybe
Xbox even Xbox I think they're playing a
pretty long game game here yeah like all
the acquisition stuff apparently they're
in hot water right now over how many
Activision Blizzard people were let go
after the acquisition I mean obviously
they were going to do that but I guess
they were like they said it was already
planned and honestly a lot of those IPS
have been floundering pretty hard for a
long time so it's not too surprising um
I I kind of buy it to a certain degree
why is Discord not
acceptable oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
oh boy oh boy do do you want to be here
all night guys just just IGN don't ask
them that I'm asking you that
no all right Luke it's just it's just
not okay I like it's there are things
that Discord does extremely well and
this is one of the reasons why I'm so
frustrated about how expensive slack is
because slack has a lot of the same
features but is really expensive and
discord's free um but the the calling on
Discord is fantastic uh the channel
organization is honestly really good I
the how permissions are handled awful
everything you've said so far is
Arguments for it I say we
switch you know what sure let's do it no
it's a terrible idea
um uh how permissions are handled I
understand it's very convoluted but it's
really
powerful um and considering in slack
something that you would hate about
slack so much slack is entirely
voluntary with how you join channels for
the most part uh so you can put people
in groups which
is terribly handled but you can put
people in groups to give them default
channels but they can just join any open
Channel that they want and anyone can
make a
channel so you can't make it so people
can't make channels uh that might be a
permission I don't know I have in
forever okay because if you just have
like a bazillion private random channels
no but the the main way that this
manifests in in a bad
way is that organization of those
channels is on the
user there you go the other ones like
people are saying you can sure whatever
cool that's fine that part I don't
actually care about the part that I
actually care about is that the
organization of it is on the user cannot
be trusted to do that insane and I
pretty much guarantee like no one has
really done it I I've done it to a
certain degree but I'm sure mine could
be better I would care a lot more about
doing it really well if I knew it would
positively impact other people in the
team as well whatever um anyways Discord
does that extremely well
um there's a lot of things that it does
really well it's authentication and sign
into to the server is like not cool on a
company
level uh it it's like there's a lot of
different things about how you use it
and how it flows this all sounds like
vague posty nonsense really designed
around very social gamery type of
communication and not very business
communication uh there's too much stuff
that is very informal
there's how do we keep people from
joining like weird servers uh how do you
audit things you can't audit
anything like at all the the user
control for it is like really not great
because it's designed for these open
networks of people like it's just it's
not designed for company stuff it's
really good it would probably be the
best one if it was corporate focused or
if they had a corporate Focus mode I
honestly believe that Discord could be
the best company communication right uh
because the fundamentals are really
really strong but then they just don't
have some of the business busy things
like can can we have single sign on with
Microsoft or Google so that everyone can
have one unified login no that's
actually very very important for a lot
of businesses there are business
business out there that will not use a
service unless it has
SSO which isir it's just straight up a
thing yep uh managing credentials across
dumb Dum users is such a nightmare yeah
like it it it actually totally yeah
people in chat are saying like my my
company's one of them SSO is huge yeah
so like not having these these fairly
fundamental extremely corporate busy
things which it doesn't need at all for
what its actual main goal is as as a
piece of software but not having them
makes it not really work for businesses
very well um yeah there you go good
job what are we supposed to be doing
right now Dan SP oh cool okay uh well
the show is brought to you today by
grammarly wait really oh okay sure um
you probably already know about or have
been using gram grammarly our sponsor
today it's a free app to help your
writing in loads of different ways
besides grammar and spell checkering
checkering this is terrible checking now
grammarly offers generative AI
assistance aiding Us in brainstorming
outlining revising and perfecting our
content to access grammarly's advanced
AI features all you need to do is click
on grammarly's Logo if you ever get
stuck while writing grammarly can help
you get started with ideas outlines and
even tips have no time to read a long
essay email grammarly's reply feature
helps summarize emails and suggests
responses for more efficient inbox
management you can also use the rewrite
Fe
to paraphrase and keep tweaking until
you're satisfied and grammarly's been
around for 14 years so you know you can
trust them bro that is actually in my
talking points uh your data is private
and secure and they do not sell your
data to third parties sign up and
download for free at grammarly.com
wow2 that's grammarly.com
wow2 and you can get 20% off grammarly
premium if you want extra features the
show is also brought to to you by
H1 are you sitting at home watching W
show with unhealthy food in your hands
right now oh boy this is not a question
we should have asked drop that pizza and
let ag1 help you fill in some of those
nutritional blind spots one scoop of ag1
has 75 different vitamins minerals and
antioxidants it's made to promote gut
health uh to help promote to to Pro to
promote gut health Focus energy and
immune defense Luke Dennis a few other
members here at lmg have tried or even
use ag1 daily Dennis says he drinks it
first thing in the morning instead of
coffee is that what oh wow that's that's
Dennis's house okay why did you replace
coffee did he did he put that there's no
caffeine in it that's Dennis's place
right I don't know oh I don't know
doesn't matter the point is he says it
tastes like vanilla and pineapple and is
quite easy to drink because of its
convenience he finds himself taking it
more regularly than many other vitamins
plus ag1 might save you a few dollars
compared to purchasing all the different
vitamins separately they have over
37,000 fstar reviews and their customers
really love their 90day money back
guarantee so try ag1 and you can get a
free one-year supply of vitamin D3 plus
K2 and five free ag1 travel packs with
your first purchase at drink a1.com
wow go check it out now at the link in
the video description finally our show
is brought to you by updf they're here
to give a boost to those annoying PDF
files I can think of a I can't think of
a bigger LoveHate relationship than my
sanity and PDF files uh yeah I before I
understood them better I was like why do
they exist like that was honestly what I
would think still don't understand every
single time anyone said no there's
there's reasons why very good reasons
why it's we'll talk about later yeah you
want okay the point is PDFs are not the
easiest thing to make changes to which
is like part of it um updf is a simple
AI PDF solution for all your need needs
with its clean UI it's super easy to
navigate and get work done it can handle
PDFs across all platforms Windows Mac
IOS and Android oh there was one
critical one missing there but um anyway
all you need is one updf account for up
to four devices and not only can you
edit text with updf you can also modify
images watermarks links backgrounds
headers Footers and more it makes it so
simple you don't have to hate PDF files
anymore you can even merge or split PDFs
for convenient editing plus their AI
features can help improve your work
efficiency you can summarize translate
explain rewrite and ideate your
documents all in updf it even comes with
cloud storage and you can save 61% on
updf Pro Plus updf AI right now by
checking them out at the link down below
61% what a random discount
quantity yes I don't get it 61% no no no
not that well the kind the unedit
ability is like oh there's so many ways
around that so many ways Luke sometimes
things weren't made for you did you ever
stop to consider that no everything
should be made for me it's like a zip
file but if it was a Word document yeah
why is that helpful cuz it it has a
picture in it and you can look at the
picture uh but it's a Word document and
not a zip file y it's l it's like I want
to I want to share a lossless image it's
like it's like a printer yeah it's a
digital printer there there there you go
all right yeah and it's like just like a
printer
it's I just I think I think they're
massively overused I think people using
them uh in the name of security are
massively
overestimating uh the amount of security
and I think as humans do they'll be like
ah yes I use thing for security
therefore thing secure right and it ends
up just being security theater Elijah is
all concerned that updf isn't going to
sponsor us anymore cuz Luke's ripping
into PDFs no no no his attitude towards
PDFs is exactly why they exist because
dealing with PDFs sucks yeah no I I've
heard great things about you PDF I I
were the sponsor segment is done and he
does the readings anyways so I don't
need to say this Luke gets paid the same
regardless 100% uh but I I've heard
great things about them I just they're
man they're such a
pain all right what do you want to talk
about how about Canada Banning The
Flipper sure Canadian minister of
innovation Science and
Industry Fran Philip champag announced a
ban on consumer hacking devices
including the flipper zero in response
to concerns over car theft the ban is
likely in response to recent online
videos purporting to show cars being
stolen using flippers and similar
devices however it's worth noting that
these videos are in often are often
staged to get views yeah according to
the maker of the flipper zero the device
can't be used to hijack cars produced
after the 1990s because their security
systems have rolling codes that can only
be used once a wannabe Thief would not
only need to be close enough to the fob
to capture the code they would also have
to block the code from reaching the car
because it would immediately expire The
Flipper zero lacks the hardware capacity
to block such a signal notoriously young
car thieves known as the Kia boys were
able to steal cars using information
found in viral videos because some us
manufacturers didn't install standard
anti- theft immobilization devices and
thus their cars could be started with a
USB cord or a screwdriver but that is
nothing to do with the flipper zero yeah
Canada likes to do
this we just like ban stuff cuz
something happened and it's often the
wrong thing it's like it's like if I
pushed lonus and lonus was like ah Dan
is
banned like what finally finally okay I
don't think it's quite like that when
was I going to get cancelled the point
is that
our our politicians are just like your
politicians yeah
unqualified unsupervised
yeah it's it's basically the same
everywhere yep our this is our minister
of innovation Science and Industry and
look it's not not like I don't
understand why we might have um you know
a discomfort with devices that market
themselves as hacking devices sure I
mean I think hacking has a pretty
negative connotation and if you know
flipper wanted to not be banned you know
they would have been wise to stay more
underground um and more you know only
for people in the know but obviously
they sell a lot more more flipper zeros
this way so it's a it's a balancing act
and clearly they they they've their
notoriety has has gotten too great and
someone you know had to do something
please think of the children but on the
other hand you've got to understand what
you're doing when you're the minister of
innovation Science and Industry you just
banned a
computer
yeah yeah like actually uh especially
cuz doesn't the wording get like super
rough too it's like electronic device
with like Wireless signals or something
like isn't it like every every cell
phone ever like at that point any
Android phone that you can install side
loaded apps on is like is a hacking
device what the you better not have a
laptop with Linux installed How Could
You ban Arch yeah um
yeah so I think it's still legal for me
to have mine
but it's not legal to sell buy or use
them so I can no longer use my flipper
zero you can you just have the device
put on a shelf even though I could a
little case even though I could
literally do anything that I could do
with a flipper zero with something
else if someone gets arrested just for
having Cali Linux installed on their
laptop like do we do we
protest what I suspect what I ECT is
this is the kind of thing where they've
made it illegal so that if the
cops cat thing on catch someone doing
something nefarious with it it's really
quick and easy for them to take it um
and prosecute it um I think that there's
a lot of plausible deniability in the
kind of pranks that people are pulling
with flipper zeros you know you're
walking past Teslas popping open
charging covers it's like I don't know
that could have been caused by anything
you know whereas now they can just take
it so I I kind of I do understand the
convenience but I also think that
there's a lot of potential for overreach
if I'm walking around with a Raspberry
Pi plugged into a battery Bank in my
pocket do do they take
that I if I remember correctly under the
way that the law is written like they
totally could they could also just take
your phone and anything else I I I need
to look it up what about pentesting do I
can I get a license to carry one yeah
it's actually very likely that um Canada
in general is just going to become less
secure because of this and in informed
actors are always going to have a way to
get the thing that they want well yeah I
mean it's not freaking hard you can man
you can buy like you can buy freaking
cell phone Jammers on AliExpress they're
they're just openly available yeah
they're very illegal to buy and own and
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah it's
not like you can't get them it's not
like I can't get firecrackers in Canada
are you kidding me yeah
like
oh no what is Jake talking
about disclaimer very illegal what is he
talking about oh he's probably just
talking about Jammers yeah yeah IE I
know I'm going to tell them it's illegal
I know they're illegal yeah um the point
easy to get the point is if I wanted one
if I wanted if I wanted nighttime at our
house to mean cell phones off nighttime
don't use your cell phone then I could
do
that I would get a call that's illegal I
mean once I turned it off I
make
one what are they going to do like ban
soldering
irons man my phone's like flipping hot
and my battery just
died yeah it was doing something yeah I
was doing something anyway whatever it
was I was probably probably trying to
get a signal from the Jammer that Dan
turned on or maybe some maybe he was
using a flipper zero to hack my phone I
don't really know what else to say about
this other than this is spectacularly
stupid it does absolutely nothing
add you need you need to find the
problem the problem is that device
security is not being taken seriously
Enough by the companies that make them
that is the problem if you wanted to ban
any device that doesn't support rolling
codes or uh a certain level of
encryption or you know what whatever
feature it is that we all use devices
like The Flipper zero to I identify um
you know things that work versus things
that are vulnerabilities like if you
wanted to ban anything that doesn't meet
a certain standard for security sure
yeah i' yeah I'd be totally down that I
get behind that 100% but this is like
man I don't even I don't even know what
to compare this to this is It's just
dumb it's also it's not going to solve
the problem it's like Banning hammers
because somebody used them to break into
a house like no hammers have lots of
legitimate uses and the fact that
someone can use it to break into a house
doesn't mean that they couldn't just use
a Mallet next time like there's no point
Banning the hammer yeah we still need to
drive nails and they could just use a
chainsaw it doesn't matter they could
throw anything through a window yeah ban
rocks no rocks allowed excavate the
whole country yeah so anyway I I know
that our our poor friends in America you
know probably feel like punching bags
the the number of times we've talked
about American politicians and how
spectacularly stupid they are on this
show oh there's so many dumb Canadian
things um but guys you know
we uh we we patriotically criticize our
country too don't worry we are just as
stupid L interesting most of the time
yeah EU though Chads doing good I mean
they do bad stuff too apparently flip
Aero is banned in I know they're not
part of the EU anymore but they're in
Europe uh apparently flipper zero is
banned in the UK okay yeah but like the
UK has made one terrible decision after
another for quite quite a period of time
I mean when was the last time that the
sun didn't set on the British Empire
how's that going for you
guys and that's how Wars are started
right oh man um yeah I don't know this
is this is just ridiculous anyone that
actually wants to use them for nefarious
things will still be able to get or make
them uh no problem even with them banned
that's been proved
with things forever drugs alcohol guns
whatever you want to ban whatever want
to modulate however you want to do it
people that want it are still going to
get it um if you were going to use this
to steal a car you were already
committing Grand Theft Auto I don't
think you really care about I happen to
have electronic device law um so yeah
way to go you're just hurting people
that are curious about technology and
not accomplishing
anything do we have better news is there
good news I don't know maybe uh
uh well not that uh Sony back button oh
yeah correction from last week I
criticize Sony for not having uh the
ability to move the back button on their
Android skin to the right side like
Samsung uh this doesn't appear to be
entirely Sony's fault although they
could definitely fix it if they really
wanted to as pointed out by Michelle
Ramen it appears that Sony Engineers
submitted a change that would add
support for swapping the recent and back
button positions to the Android open
source project in January 2023 it just
hasn't been done but Sony could also do
it themselves so correction um it's not
in the AOSP but not correction Sony I
will not use your phones until you deal
with this and I don't care whose fault
it is it's not on your phone another
correction apparently the person who
said it earlier was incorrect it is not
banned in the UK it was just confiscated
at an airport which is a completely
different thing and there's some debate
over whether it might be illegal oh like
U yeah I found a thing um yeah there's
some debate over whether it might be
illegal CU it might just fall under like
things that were already illegal to be
in a gray area got it Mak sense this is
great by the
way that's awesome any who let's go I
don't know how to play guitar at all but
yeah what else do you want to talk about
oh my God everything's wow why is it all
terrible news this week oh oh the
Florida Senate might be booting kids off
social media speaking of speaking of
American politicians and being stupid
this is like not stupid actually I
actually am complet complely down with
this I understand there's people that
will aggressively disagree with me but
I'm down the Florida Senate has taken up
a bill for discussion that would ban all
children under the age of 16 from social
media on the grounds that it has
addictive features similar to gambling
absolutely that are damaging to
children's mental health extremely
actually how is this Florida so sick the
bill doesn't specify any social media
platform but any platform that tracks
user activity allows user generated
content and uses potentially addictive
features such as infinite scrolling
would be required to enact third party
age verification I knew they were going
to up yep there it is dang it
florid I didn't read deeply into the
thing all right and a swing in a Miss
Florida's house has already passed a
similar bill with overwhelming support
if supported by the Senate it would
still require a vote from Florida's
governor who has expressed some concern
that the bill is overly Broad
some critics have suggested that
requiring ID in order to participate in
social media might be a freedom of
speech issue you
think what a wamp wamp dude I was so
excited about this I was genuinely on
board I wasn't making that up I just
hadn't read that line neither oh man
yeah that was really close to being not
completely fled but they then they
floored it
up according to a modder by the name of
emus Nvidia has been working on
extending its RTX video HDR feature to
also convert SDR games to HDR in real
time emus has created and published a
mod to enable this in progress feature
though only on Windows 11 even as a
still in progress feature this gaming
HDR converter reportedly creates better
visuals in some cases than Windows 11's
Auto HDR um that's about all I have to
say about that I just thought that was
really cool it's on Nexus mods and if
you want to check it out I still haven't
tried the HDR video AIO Auto converter
but I really want to I just haven't
gotten around to it dude I've been so
busy we
did we did an AMD ultimate Tech upgrade
yesterday that went
for somewhere between 10 and 11
hours guess who it was
for I'll just tell you Belle Kyle from
Creator Warehouse engineering oh he has
been working on this video since since
before it was AMD ultimate Tech
upgrade
and it's
basically 3 hours sorry three hours it's
basically 10 hours of me Elijah and Kyle
trying not to kill each
other it's going to be great I feel like
this is going to be one of those things
like man we have had some absolute
Banger float plane exclusives lately if
you are not on float plane I'm sorry
it's been really good I'm sorry to hear
that um you know it's not for everyone
you know it's it's extra money at a time
when hey not everybody has extra money
kicking around things things are things
are tight for a lot of people but dude
we've got extras from Linus's kids build
Luca computer we've got uh extras from
the uh medic collab uh we've got uh oh
yeah we've got the um the CEO interview
with Taran that's an hour and a half
long dude we've got we've got some stuff
we've got a lot of really great behind
the scenes it's been it's been a riot
lately and I feel like that video alone
is going to have extras like probably on
the level of the Cal me Chris collab
build oh wow yeah yeah it's it's
hilarious we're going to have to cut
some stuff cuz there's definitely some
stuff that's going to need to be cut but
Kyle's hilarious as you probably know
Elijah's hilarious as you probably know
um and I'm all right pretty funny I
think I can be I think I can be pretty
funny I actually I actually had one of
what I think is my best on camera jokes
I'm not going to spoil
it but I'll watch for it I like the tech
upgrades I watched pretty much all of
them I destroyed
Elijah destroyed him he couldn't even
talk you tell him to do a backflip no no
no no absolutely not not it
work uh man oh man okay this one's worth
recounting I actually had one of my best
in a meeting jokes this week too I was
on fire earlier this week I I've slowed
down a little bit I'm really tired from
that Tech upgrade but uh we were having
a meeting about
um visual data visualizations for uh
power supply related content for short
circuit and for the lab's website
because power supply testing is one of
the ones that we're going to be ready to
roll out in volume soonest yeah uh
compared to all the other categories and
um and Lucas from the lab basically had
uh so Lucas and Sammy put together this
visualization That was supposed to
characterize for the for the viewer a
brown out and the drop in voltages and
recovery of their of their um of their
rail voltages of the the 12volt 5volt
3.3 volt and V USB vs USB something uh
some some four fourth Rail and basically
the idea is that within the ATX
specification uh you're supposed to be
able to lose power for a very very short
period of time like a a dozen or so
milliseconds or a couple dozen
milliseconds I forget exactly what it is
it's a very very short period of time a
few tens of of thousands of a second um
and the system should recover without
actually losing power as long as those
rails bounce back fast enough your
computer will not actually lose power in
the event of a brown out
so he had the he had the incoming AC
represented like this and then it goes
like this and then it comes back and
then during that brown out phase we had
like a like a highlighted section and
then you see all the other rails go down
and then come back and it had lines all
over it pretty
much we had kind of gone through all the
other visualizations in the meeting
pretty quickly and we were stuck on this
one for probably somewhere between 5 and
10 minutes
and one of the things that we were
really stuck on was how to symbolize uh
a brown out in a way that might
declutter the the the graph and um Taran
and I kind of disagreed on what we
thought was was a good approach for this
and at the at at the end of it like we
were basically getting to the end of our
time and there were a couple more things
that we need to talk about I'm like
look here's the situation I know that
this is very clear and very easy to
understand for Lucas and honestly for
Sammy for that matter because even if
she doesn't know everything about
electrical engineering and electronics
engineering uh cuz that's not her field
she does know a lot about data
visualization so for you the labs folks
this is probably crystal clear but
between me and Taran we have over 35
years of experience in this industry
we're pretty technical we're enthusiasts
we're passionate we read a lot of
Articles
um we are not able to fully understand
it and are not able to agree on what the
best way to visualize this is and that's
probably a bad
sign yeah yeah yeah I got it yeah yeah
so I was I just I I think I just about
killed
Gary he didn't laugh he just looked like
he was going to die
[Music]
anyway I was very proud I was like so
proud of myself I was too proud of
myself Dan's
dead is he even here yeah he's here yeah
he's here he's just he doesn't want to
talk
anymore anyway I'm very happy oh that's
rough yeah that was uh that look guys if
you were there it was very funny cuz
it's a bad sign just got to get it off
the graph it's too hard understand it
would be more top of mind when you're in
that meeting too like if it took you a
sec to get it it would probably yeah
yeah sine wave sine wave yeah um anyway
death by smugness look okay I have to do
so many meetings you guys it's yeah like
if I meetings are getting a little much
like I I'm just basically in meetings if
I if I can't have
fun man I
gota man I got you know I gota I got to
make my jokes I gotta have my fun like
managing a business and like yes yes I
have a lot of people that to help me
manage the business but it's not like I
don't still have to do things um
something I think we I my fun a little
better as an organization and I'm
working on this with the ones that I run
as well is having laid out objectives
before the call and then when you
complete them ending the call
immediately yeah there's a lot of like
yeah this has been good convers I is
there anything else anyone needs I'm
going to start having a counter for how
many times I hear that ask yeah does
anyone else have anything to and then it
just doesn't end nobody says anything
but then the meeting sits there and then
you're like uh it's like man I I I have
I haven't been doing it consistently but
I've done it a couple times in the last
couple weeks where I'm just like okay
well if no one needs me bye and I just
leave if it's really important they'll
message you you can join again when it's
when it's pretty obvious that the
messages is over or the message that the
that the call is over yeah non-agenda
meetings I think is like super not the
way okay here's one that I'm not 100%
sure how you're going to react to oh boy
Google has blocked side loading in
Singapore of certain apps so as part of
a Crackdown on financial scams Google
will be preventing Singaporean users
from sideloading some apps allegedly
these apps misuse andro Android
permissions in order to intercept
onetime passwords that a user receives
via notification or text according to
google over
95% of these apps were installed through
sideloading now when a user attempts to
install one of these apps they will
instead receive a popup that says this
app can request access to sensitive data
this can increase the risk of identity
theft or financial fraud Google has
developed this pilot program in
collaboration with the Singapore
government's uh cyber security agency
the company announced a similar
real-time scanning protection initiative
in October which is supposed to roll out
first in
India discussion
question is it a slippery slope
absolutely Google deciding which apps
you can or cannot s side load absolutely
is that is that is it really being
blocked though or are they just popping
up a notification warning
you it sounds like they will be
blocked
are you sure because the the like the
the title is that it blocks side I know
but I I've read other articles other
than the summary okay it sounds like it
will be blocked company
knows they will instead receive a popup
that says this app can request I get it
but this summary here is not the only
one that I've read it sounds like it
will be blocked yeah um this seems
bad
however we're going to transition to
another topic where somebody got scammed
out to $25 million because the world's
crazy right now how' you know I was
going to do that uh because it just
makes way too much sense all
right uh things are nuts and you you
cannot expect users to understand fully
all the different and be constantly
aware of all the different currently
available attack vectors to the point
where like I I almost feel like there's
no point in attempting to educate people
on it because even educated people are
going to screw up because the
sophistication level of
certain uh things currently is just kind
of too high people are saying yeah users
aren't Tech experts even Tech experts
are going to get dunked on right now um
with the ability to like the the the
topic we're going to get into is insane
but like this yeah this is rough um what
I wish it was y was like really
aggressive popup things that are like
you should not do this so if it is then
you're good I think so yeah but I mean I
would even be H put like five but like
Microsoft tried this with UAC put put it
doesn't prevent people from just
clicking it and then they also have to
authenticate through an email thing or
or something like make it like really
annoying and put a lot of steps in the
way I'm totally okay with that that's a
slippery slope too because they could
also do that if you try to install a
third party browser
now and I know I'm I I know that I'm
making a bit of a disingenuous argument
here but they could hold on apparently
it's only internet based side loing
sources okay does that help then I think
so because there's still a ro around it
yeah therefore it's okay to me
personally so as long as there's there
should be a way yeah there should be a
way to force a side load um okay and I I
don't even care it could be like super
annoying you have to plug it into a
computer I don't know about that you
have to like do something that's very
Advanced wouldn't the real solution to
this though just be system antivirus
that just doesn't let anything intercept
a onetime pass password should should
anything be allowed to read your text
messages as they come
in yeah why does anything need to read
your text messages as they come in I
feel like there's pretty much always
going to be a way though it could be
screen reading grab it that way sure but
anything that continuously records your
screen maybe that just like it might be
able to detect an event of a text
message coming in and start screen
recording for COD time like I I would
never trust that thing to actually cover
those Sol says uh Hey 15 years in I'll
take any sort of Android
protection
yeah Elijah even if you're joking don't
post that I am deleting
it I'm
trying I don't know
how oh um it's not working I thought I'm
yeah why can't I click that I can't
click that it doesn't it it's text
commands why uh because you and I both
didn't want us to spend time on that but
I can click all the other ones what do
you mean click them
look oh yeah yeah
yeah okay anyway um do you want us to
spend time on that no yeah there we go
uh Lenovo made a transparent laptop so
that's useless that's cool we should
talk about the topic we were going to
talk about though yeah let's talk about
the 25 million
dollar that got scammed via deep fake
Luke you want to do this one I feel like
I've done a lot of them yeah someone
also said uh laerth legitimate
accessibility features need to read your
texts yeah like there's things like that
too like I I don't know it just I don't
think that's a solution that'll work
anyways deep fake scam uh $25 million
stolen this is
genuinely wild this makes me think
Oceans 11 level like crazy there was
probably multiple people behind this a
lot of planning a lot of prep all that
type of stuff and this is one of the
reasons why I think you're honestly not
going to be able to fully train people
to be prepared for this stuff you're
going to have to have procedures in
place instead um that that layer up
protections on these types of things
like maybe requiring even if you're on a
video call with someone require
requiring you to call their cell phone
phone to confirm as a form of two-factor
authentication or something I don't know
this is crazy though according to Hong
Kong police a finance worker at an
unnamed multinational firm was convinced
to transfer
25.6 million
USD big money to scammers through a
video call where everyone else in
attendance including the company's CFO
were actually audiovisual deep
fakes
whoa the worker was initially suspicious
when he was contacted by the scammers
through email but his concerns were
assuaged by the fact assuaged by the
fact that the video call was attended by
several people who looked and sounded
like his colleagues Hong Kong police
likewise indicated that they have seen a
large amount of recent fraud cases using
deep fakes alongside stolen IDs which
totally makes sense I hate to bring this
up but I contacted a financial
institution that I no longer use very
recently and because I no longer use
them I don't remember my PIN or like
access were you able to like get back in
I was able to reactivate my account with
information that I could Google about
myself
y the fact that that is possible and and
to be clear it's not just because I'm
like a YouTube personality or something
it's the kind of thing that I could
easily Google about you if all I knew
was your Facebook profile like it was
shockingly
easy
um what the are we going to do cuz
you and I laughed both both of us
completely without pre-planning it
laughed when we saw that Florida's plan
for Banning Social Media use for 16y
olds was a third-party database because
that's just a gold mine that someone's
waiting to break into in mine I don't
think I would trust our government or
any other government to do it any better
than the third party no what the crap
are we supposed to do to authenticate it
to secure anything you like can't really
to be completely honest
um
yep I don't know with things like soci
media networks uh like there's examples
of this on Twitch and and other places
as well what just look who it is made a
really good
point things are going to get really
up when stuff like the Apple
Vision Pro goes mainstream oh yeah
because you become the person you'll be
no no not just that not just that no no
no no no no no because you won't be
expecting the video feed to even quite
look like them
if it was a Vision Pro Avatar or
whatever and it was a little
off so what it wouldn't even raise any
alarm Bells yeah now all you have to do
is get the voice mostly
right oh no which people are getting
really good at oh no yeah I heard it um
an AI generated voice machine learning
voice I keep I keep doing it I keep
saying AI it's not AI it does okay
whatever I heard an AI voice Recreation
of myself hosting power supply a power
supply video I've heard that too it's
it's by far the best one I've heard it's
gotten a lot better the whole like you
having a Boston accent for no apparent
reason thing is gone yeah it's not
perfect for
sure but it's oh I wonder if I can I
wonder if I can dig that up uh for the
people to hear so we are uh one of the
things that we're working on for um for
the future of short circuit and to to
dramatic Ally widen our production pipe
um is for a basic power supply
video we are going to take all the
testing data plunk it into a template
for the script which was written by
humans very smart humans uh Lucas has
done a lot of work on it uh to to get it
down to the point where it says
everything you need to know about a
power supply with you know variables um
that are altered depending on the
results of the power supply and then is
read and edited by automated tools with
humans involved for uh quality checks
and for fact checking um so what you
guys are going to see or here I guess
rather is a very very early version of
what that would look like um let me see
if I can find
it
oh I have audio playing uh I will fix
that it is now fixed uh let me see if I
can let me see if I can find
it document shared with you um you know
what I'm going to search for Lucas
because we don't actually talk about
that many things by email
oh oh shoot I found a draft email I
never sent to him gosh darn it
okay
okay uh can you run interference for me
for a minute here Luke I uh someone just
linked me that someone apparently made a
uh Titanic uh My Heart Will Go On cover
with me singing it so that's horrifying
and I'll have to watch that later but um
okay I don't know I could do another
topic do you need that much time yeah do
do another topic and I'll try and find
this okay what's what's left South Korea
jails pubg player South Korea Supreme
Court has upheld the prison sentence uh
of a conscientious objector to a year
and a half in prison for refusing
mandatory military service in part
because he is an avid player of pubg
according to Korean prosecutors the
man's participa participation in violent
video games and his lack of effort to
spread his beliefs is evidence that his
morals his moral objection to violence
and war is insincere the man reportedly
refused to join the military on the
grounds that it disregards human rights
and gives rampant unfair orders to
enlisted soldiers discussion question
why do we treat playing video games as
indicating a tolerance for real world
violence is it because players
participate in the fictional violence in
a way uh that a movie goer
doesn't I have no idea um yeah that's
wild hey I think this was more one we
were just kind of reacting to just say
it and not really discuss some real
actual person is actually going to jail
because the fact that they play pubg
means that they don't object to
violence that is up dude I wonder
how many video games what's going on
over in South Korea right now I play
that I would just be super not down to
do in real life probably a
lot youever play Doom yeah well you're
killing demons though yeah but that
might be a little a little isn't there
like a whole thing where like even uh
people who have like strong religious
objections to killing are like no Doom
is cool or whatever oh yeah yeah doom
doom has some really really interesting
religion lore behind it um it's if I
remember correctly it's very Catholic
um Doom guy is canonically Catholic okay
yeah sure I mean that makes perfect
sense yeah Doom was actually a pretty
bad example because it's I guess it's
the morality of the actions not
the danger so I don't know G
GTA a you don't want to be a criminal
why would you play criminal
game yeah I don't know man kind of rough
I'll look for another one if you still
need more time I don't want to I've got
one I don't want to bug Lucas I'll you
know what I'll bug Gary I mean Google
rebrands bard to Gemini launches paid
tier and mobile app Google rebranded its
Bard chatbot to Gemini the name of the
uh language model the company introduced
back in December with a demo that
grossly exagger red its speed and
capabilities uh and we'll be
rebranding duet AI for workspace to
Gemini for workspace uh hey Gary you are
on uh you're on the WAN
show oh
good sounds about right
um I'm glad you survived my sine wave
joke in our
meeting
okay uh I wanted to show the people the
um the early version of the audio of
Linus reading um that uh that power
supply overview uh script from Lucas uh
do you do you know do you know the one
I'm talking about where it's the Linus
AI
voice yes sir uh do you mind do you mind
linking actually do you mind emailing
that to me in some form that I could
play it for the
people okay all right thank you so much
all right you're qu welcome all right
chat wishing you a speedy recovery from
whatever it is that you're suffering
from right
now yeah L not
us I was gonna say I think that's you
all right okay all right thanks
Gary all right take care
okaye oh
God
that's funny um okay yeah I'm going to
keep going Google's following in the
footsteps of Microsoft who have finally
made it clear that uh literally every AI
product they make is called co-pilot
Gemini Advanced is a paid version uh
paid version powered by the more
powerful Gemini Ultra 1.0 model
accessible through the new Google one AI
Premium plan that's a that's a name uh
it's $20 a month the same price as chat
GPT Plus but it also includes the
benefits of Google one in general uh
which I think is going to be listed if I
click on this link But it includes like
expanded drive storage um yeah you get
expanded drive storage if you have the
AI premium one you have two terabytes of
drive storage so that's a ton um Google
Store rewards I've never even heard of
that before Google meet premium video
calling features Google Calendar
enhanced appointment scheduling uh stuff
like that so you get other things
instead of just just um the Gemini AI
stuff Gemini is available on the web in
150 countries but more interestingly as
a standad Android app in the US only
also accessible through the Google app
on iOS Android users in the US uh can
select Gemini as their device assistant
instead of Google Assistant which is
actually probably a massive Improvement
considering it doesn't feel like Google
Assistant has gotten better in
potentially ever uh has it has an
overlay that can be drawn up over any
app to read your screen and do stuff
which assistant used to do but doesn't
now uh early feedback has confirmed that
Google overhyped Gemini most
Impressions uh that Riley has seen claim
that chat gp4 is still better
but we don't know right now I guess
discussion question I'm I'm saying it
I'm saying it no matter what uh why does
Canada
suck and then Dash sorry this isn't a
better question I have to
go oh that's great um uh thanks
Riley I don't know we just get stuff
after America it's fine it's not a big
deal yeah like The Vision Pro everywhere
sucks yeah especially
Canada um South Park got it
right floppy heads blame Canada yeah one
road uh did you get the file I'm working
on it okay I'm running Gary's working on
it I mean we could just do an show after
dark I think we actually got a
surprising number of merch messages
given that we launched a t-shirt with a
collar um so we might want to get
started on them at some
point no there's also the planetary
shirt yeah yeah yeah yeah no I I I know
it's just and and the store screwdriver
bit sets are just going to fly fly off
the shelves
y realistically they're going to fly off
the shelves regardless um but I wanted
to give people a lot of warning before
we make any adjustments yeah um all
right is there anything else okay is
there anything else in here that we want
to talk about oh we didn't even talk
about the FUNimation libraries being
deleted this is like a huge deal yeah
FUNimation or so sorry Sony which has
owned FUNimation since 2017 and crunchy
roll since 2021 will be merging the two
Serv
keeping the name crunchy roll as well as
deleting digital copies of content that
users purchased through FUNimation
owning something digitally doesn't mean
crap at all codes for these digital
copies were included with physical
Blu-rays or DVDs of anime dubbed and
released by FUNimation as a way of
ensuring that customers would always
have access to the content that they
purchased even if they were away from
home or they lost their physical copy
crunchy roll will also be increasing in
price from $80 to
$100
annually so basically um Sony go
yourself for this yeah that sucks um why
don't they just offer it through crunchy
rooll if I had to guess I would say that
this was not actually a super simple
decision and it's possible that whatever
FUNimation licensing was for these
Perpetual copies that many rights
holders are pretty Cy about blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah
non-transferable something something
something there's probably a reason but
it sucks and I just don't really care
anymore I don't care what the really
good reason was for or what the really
good reason was it doesn't matter when
someone buys something I get it they're
only buying a license to use it but they
bought a license to use it in the way
that in good
faith they understood that it was for
and I think you understood too and that
should continue like it's
the uh yeah gev Dev in fing chat said
crunch world doesn't have the
infrastructure for it from the sound of
it the FUNimation site is shutting down
I don't care build it if you're going to
just like delete all this stuff that
people bought you you need to provide a
alternative solution you know like
just shoot uh Gary is um has not sent
that um and now I'm sort of wondering if
there's anyone else who might know where
it is cuz maybe he's having a hard time
finding it I do you know where it is y
well why why didn't you just tell oh I
found
it can you message Gary real quick and
tell him I found it why don't you uh
because I'm going to bring it up
okay I have to email it to myself this
way we're working in parallel Luke it's
efficient you wouldn't understand
usually I'm the only one who works while
actively live on the show um well yeah
cuz someone has to talk to the people
we'll just let Dan do it okay uh Dan
you're
on hey how you doing Jesus Dan okay
forget
it okay is my is my audio working uh no
no it's not you were so you were so
Lively last show uh I become all tired
at the moment you fired up I'm sorry
guys okay will Luke be able to hear this
I'm trying to be
swaave I've heard it before
I know but like just you know so we can
all experience it together Luke it's is
this your first podcast come on man get
it together yeah okay Dan are we good in
a way I'm not hearing anything uh well
I'm not playing anything okay then then
give it we're firing on so many
cylinders right now it's m is my turn
with a brain cell I worked so many hours
yesterday okay but Kyle's upgrade video
is going to be amazing and the behind
the scenes on float plane are going to
be amazing just go subscribe to float
plane okay let's do this
thing this is the 1000 watt Focus gx1000
manufactured by cic with a current MSRP
of
$250 it is a fully modular ATX 3.0 power
supply with an additional hybrid fan
mode the power supply comes in sturdy
packaging and measures 150x 86x 140 mm
considering cable flexibility it has an
effective depth of 190 mm the modul
cables are plastic insulated of good
quality and are really flexible this
should cause no problems while building
and cable managing your computer the
providing cable set includes a single 12
vaporware cable allowing it to power all
types of high wattage gpus the focus GX
is a all right how do you feel about it
how do you I I I don't mean the the
quality of or whatever how does hearing
that make you
feel my first it's like I feel like I
should remember saying it yeah I should
remember saying it a really weird
disjointed not how I would say it way
the way that I describe this to other
people that have heard it is to me it
feels like you just had your wisdom
teeth taken out you're on a little bit
of meds and you've got cotton in your
mouth yeah and it's a bad mic the
ination like the the the timber of the
voice is surprisingly close yeah the
timing's way off the Cadence is there's
certain ways that you say things that
don't line up like I I can tell it's not
you
but if I for example was the one
recording it cuz this is purely
generated I don't think so I do think so
I don't think so I do think so I'm
rather certain it's not I know the
person who did the project and they told
me it was voiced by someone and then uh
edited how sure are you I mean I can
show you the messages no no
no
it doesn't sound like someone voiced it
okay whoever voiced it clearly wasn't um
is know how we did the Spanish trans one
my things that I sent to Ed is like yeah
it seems like a Linus who has cotton
balls in his mouth but isn't very
techsavvy and he's like
uh
yeah all right well at any rate um okay
so then no no I believe you I believe
you no what okay so it's not Luke I
believe you this is such a was time he
to work on his phone more oh my goodness
no it doesn't matter okay I I I don't
care who it was the point is that with
someone who was a little more techsavvy
who had even the tiniest amount of
practice imitating my
Cadence yeah like this this is this is
the same thing that made me think about
you know that like $25 million Heist
whatever it was it's like yeah it with
with more practice time yeah because
someone just like listens to you talk
about a thing enough times figures out
how you're going to say $250 figures out
how uh is is more familiar with the
subject matter this is very likely the
first time they did a read through um
all this other type of stuff um yeah I
think you could basically nail it there
are some problems it sounds like it's on
a really bad mic the like quality of the
audio is really low
um but I mean we're close enough now
that it's
like you can kind of you can make it out
yes absolutely and it's scary yeah with
that said I mean it's going to be really
convenient if we wanted if we wanted the
entire you know power supply channel to
be hosted by lonus I don't know if we
should I don't know I don't know either
but maybe we genuinely don't know maybe
one out of every four would be hosted by
L I don't know whatever we figure
whatever strategy we settle on is though
digus we could scale it just like that
vtuber vtuber hosted I mean I've I've
been talking for years about how the
best way for us to to
safeguard this company against you know
my untimely demise or eventual you know
actual retirement or whatever it is not
having Hydro facials could be exactly
could be V tuing yeah our most
recognizable personalities figuring out
you know what that looks like in terms
of compensation and Licensing and and
Technology whatever right um and
building a scalable business around that
I mean there's companies that only exist
as as virtual influencers already today
it's not like this is some kind of weird
sci-fi that I'm imagining this is this
this is a real thing right now and it's
winning right now the only difference is
that we would you know yeah when's the
fillian collab I don't know I think
Elijah is in contact oh so so it's
moving I think does back
flips God damn Luke okay you actually
need to stop baiting him and doing a
back flip I don't want him to get hurt
yeah showed me a video of him doing one
and I was like yeah you shouldn't that's
fine yeah don't yeah just stop baiting
him yeah um maybe we should do that when
you guys are remote somebody just
becomes a
vtuber like for wancho yeah cuz I can I
can intersperse that into the actual set
Reagan stuff I don't know anything about
it we can figure it out yeah it's very
doable okay um I I know like genuinely
nothing about it anyway FUNimation chat
zero transform dude I run a vtuber
studio with AAA motion capture Hardware
yeah it's it's today it's it's right now
it's right now
yep all right is there anything that is
left before we no I don't think so I
think it's time for w show after dark
all right let's do this thing did we do
the jobs thing we did yeah um we did
very early on the show I'll get it I'll
get
it all right maybe hit hit Luke first
yeah
yeah did it mission
accomplished
what it's okay Dad you're goingon to be
all right I take my headphones off for
one
second oh man actually I need to PP I'll
be right back okay all right I hope
everything comes out okay hi Luke
hey uh you wanted you want me to give
Luke one right yeah
dad are you good I'm looking for it uh
what's up boys Luke when and if you have
a what boys what's up boys uh boy Luke
when and if you have a cheat day or
cheat meal during your exercise Journey
what do you eat and
why uh it's it's usually because I'll be
uh like eating out with
people um and I'll I'll usually try to
get like you know somewhat of a safer
option
but I I let myself go a little bit more
then something that I'll like to have is
like Indian food uh there's an Indian
food plate I don't want to name it cuz I
don't want to just run it over
completely but there's an incredibly
good Indian food place locally that I
really like going to for lunch um and if
I'm having a lunch meeting for some
reason I will often suggest going there
cuz it's incredibly good uh there's also
a place that I like going for fa so I'll
have Indian food f um I think I know the
place you're talking about that place is
you probably know both of them to be
honest and they're extremely good the
one good one and it's so good for for
which uh for the Indian I'm not sure I
know the F do we should go sometime do
you like f yeah we'll go sometime um I
think that's also local too I might have
gone there with a couple other people
yeah maybe maybe it's a it's both of
those are very common haunts for people
that work here um yeah so like I I won't
but but I'm not also not going to just
like you know oh I'm getting a
cheesecake with whatever and like I I
don't I don't really like go off but um
I'm no longer like my my like Diet right
now is if the if the food is planned
it's very structured um but if I'm like
out with people or whatever I I'll get
stuff it doesn't matter but I try not to
go too nuts that's
all yeah sorry I didn't really like
specify anything but yeah you're you're
not like a person who goes like I'm
going to eat an entire cake on my cheat
day no like I I don't I don't know I'm
not I also I don't even desire that like
I don't I don't even think cheat days
are a good idea no
no who who you cheating on it's just
yourself can you believe we made it this
far into the show and neither of you has
made a joke about me getting a
facial that would be crass
Linus it felt like it was like actually
too low bar it was like too easy that's
too low bro yeah
no no I'm okay with it being really low
bro it was just too easy plus we know
you well enough that you get those all
the time anyway got
him hello and the beard makes it a lot
harder to clean up oh I know I
know hello D to be
glassy hello dll as a business why
wouldn't steam create steam plus gaming
service is is it just small potatoes
compared to their 30% or too complicated
for such a large platform I hope they
never do I think the licensing is
extremely complicated if it was only for
valve games yeah it would be no problem
for them to just have a a valve
subscription to their games in fact I
don't know I I I suspect that Hardware
as a subscription is going to become
even more prevalent I mean there's that
TV that's free as long as you look at
ads or whatever like I I mean in a way
you know Finance ing is just Hardware as
a as a subscription it's not like they
can't repo it if you fail to pay for it
it's just it's it's a it's a rent to own
whereas at some point I could totally
see a steam deck for steam deck is $10 a
month it's not $400 it's $10 a month and
they just assume that be more expensive
than that you know or whatever it is but
I think I think you kind of get my point
right like the the the point is that as
long as it's first party nothing would
prevent valve from doing things however
it is that they want to do it um but
when it comes to third party games I
mean they can't even they can't even
manage to get guys like uh you know EA
to not require you to also install
origin on your stupid computer let alone
agreeing to um you know participate in
this in in this you know games P Game
Pass competitor or whatever it is um I I
think it's I would actually be kind of
into it to be honest with you yeah I
mean what if I just I I'd like to see
valve innovate I'd like to see how was
that
innovation who wo well it's not
Innovation if they just do what everyone
else is doing so that's why I was going
to suggest a way that maybe they could
innovate right so here's something that
would be kind of cool like if I could
buy uh a steam pass subscription and it
entitles me to you know x amount of
dollar value of games in my library at
any given time but I could return games
and take them out kind of like a library
system or something like that I don't
know that's just that's completely off
the top of my head but I could see
something like that being an innovation
yes because you could go back and rebor
a game at your discretion if it's still
there so you're kind of you're kind of
creating know well I would expect valve
to innovate that too so I could curate
my own Library
potentially that'd be kind of neat if I
wanted to keep something instead of it
just being like Netflix where that show
just like disappears and you can't watch
it anymore I could decide you know what
yeah I want to I want to just keep I
want to keep my old you know steam plus
Library I don't want any of the new
stuff and I can just like keep it
forever keep it in perpetuity or I could
be like oh yeah you know what no I I
want to try something new and I just
like return one of my games like oh yeah
okay like I and my family share group
can't play this G that game what if it's
been removed off of
steam you wouldn't be able to get it
again that's what I was saying maybe
there was a miscommunication that's what
I me oh okay sure I just mean I I could
see there being room to innovate in that
space
um and if there was anyone who was going
to do it in a not
anti-consumer way maybe it would be
Val I hope they don't do it because I
don't think there is one and maybe
that's the not anti-consumer Innovation
we need is valve just not doing it but I
would be total like if if if inside a
valve they were like hey let's like try
to thought experiment this thing and
figure out if there is a way that's
totally cool with that sometimes you got
to you know peer Into Darkness um I
don't think there is a way if they prove
me wrong great but I I don't I don't
think there's a way because because of
all the things that I've talked about on
R show before of like if you if you end
up going subscription Services there's
there's literally actors and and
directors and stuff talking about this
publicly right now but with everything
being Subscription Service uh the only
things that get made are safe uh there's
no all that type of stuff all right Mr
subscription services are evil what's
that I didn't say subscription Services
were evil oh okay okay ni little hot dog
hamburger you got going on what if they
did this did what what if everything
that you got through your subscription
service you had like you can download
these videos can you let me finish okay
it's a terrible
comparison just clean your is
dog your comparison is dog I got some
paper towels over here so my point is my
point is what if it worked like that
what if whenever something is in your
library you could you you you got it
permanently and it was more like a uh
just hold on oh my gosh this is one of
those things where it's like all I'm
saying is consider a possibility I just
I don't like if if if it's going that
far then you have it you own it so then
like what H how is how is valve going to
get any developers all they asked was
What About Steam plus they didn't say it
had to be exactly the way it is now so
I'm saying that I just don't think what
you're talking about is even possible
well hold on can I finish talking about
it sure so what if it was like float
plane where through the subscription you
are getting new content so it's kind of
it's almost more like a uh it's almost
more like what what are they called
those uh those mail subscriptions
something boxes yeah uh I know what
you're talking about help me help me
chat
uh something boxes it's not no boxes not
loot crates no it's a thing Loot Crate
was a brand crack boxes oh my God
subscription boxes sure subscription
boxes mystery boxes I don't know I
thought there was another name the point
is but like subscription boxes so
developers would sign up so you get new
things valve
curates the new games that you're going
to try with their Subscription Service
you own the games afterward you can go
back and you can reopen that crate
anytime you feel like it just like on
float plane you can and when you are
subscribed you can download any video we
have no cap you can download the entire
back catalog of anything you want
exclusives different channels all the
infrastructure people listening right
now are going like oh goodness and yeah
it it sucks on our end but but you but
you can do that and then the only
difference once you cancel your
subscription is you just don't get the
new you don't get the new content and
you can't come download it again I mean
that's something that I could see being
a not EV you know Innovation that that
valve could valve they could even have
they could even have gambling mechanics
some of them so maybe you get two games
out of out of there there's eight and
you'll get one will be a random one but
you can pick one of them or something
like that like I'm just saying let's be
open-minded I just think that's a
completely different thing now you've
gone so far away that it's just humble
bundles subscription version um which is
like
fine hold on well hold on what was the
question question though uh something
something steam plus gaming service I
mean yeah I just the original question
is open enough that this is legit I'm
not saying that sure yeah sure I just I
just mean I think there's ways to do
subscription gaming and have it not be
totally
toxic I think that is not totally toxic
I just also think that that sort of
doesn't matter like I I don't think that
would actually catch on um there might
be ways to do it maybe
maybe I think a lot of them will have
the same problems as as standard
subscription stuff like I said though
like if Al if alve wanted to sit in a
room and try to figure this out and they
did find out a way then that's great I
just I struggle to see how it can be
really possible because in this version
like yeah maybe they do maybe it is very
similar to what you're saying maybe it's
a monthly thing that you get just like
with those old subscription boxes that
were popular for a while maybe it's a
monthly thing you log into steam on the
first and you have a new thing that you
click on and it's like hey you have
these new games uh maybe they're even
partially curated because they know some
of your interest based on games you've
played and stuff so maybe they'll go
like oh we noticed last month you played
a games that are a bunch of games that
are like that are like this we thought
you might want to try these things you
played slay the Spire maybe you'll enjoy
across the Obelisk something like that
um we included that in the thing that
could be kind of cool I don't think that
would take off as much as an all access
pass yeah apparently PSN plus does
something kind of like this as well so
anyway I do think to your question
though uh it would be pretty small
potatoes for valve compared to the kind
of money that they print on um an annual
basis just taking 30% of every game that
sells on Steam so and not just game
sales right um
so it's a cool idea but I I I doubt that
it has any kind of serious momentum over
there at least for the time
being I think you're also going to run
into a problem where it's going to be a
lot of the same games a lot of the same
developers and probably older games
unless valve starts pumping tons of
money into the creation of them at which
point they might want some amount of um
creative controller
input and then we start running into the
same problem with gaming subscription
Services where the uh company that runs
the subscription service ends up uh
pushing in for Creative control because
they want things that are going to
guaranteed
win which is like a huge
problem would you like another one yeah
no I just wants to go
home I'm
good hi wo I recently took a trip to
Europe and my LTT backpack was St with
my MacBook DSLR lenses and some
miscellaneous Tech what's the most
heartbreaking loss of tech you've
experienced I think I've told this story
before so I'm not going to go through
the whole story but when I left my my
pocket PC at the ice rink like it had my
calendars and everything on it and there
was no Cloud sync back then so I had to
like set everything up manually again
yeah that that sucked that really sucked
I haven't lost much I left a phone on a
plane that's probably it oh yeah there
was the time I left my laptop on the car
and drove o yeah I remember
that
um I very recently a I have this one of
the 64 ounce water bottles that I've
sticker bombed um and it's my like I
have it in my car I bring it into work
and I bring it into the gym uh but it
like stays remote like I don't bring it
home home and then I have another 64 Oz
water bottle at home and I have my
airpods that I work out with and the
water bottle and the airpods are missing
can't find them anywhere I checked lost
and found here I checked the lost and
found at the gym it's not at home it's
not in my car the fact that it's both of
them I'm pretty
sure they were taken my biggest thing is
like why' you take the water
bottle like it's it's sticker bombed
with a bunch of stickers I can't get
again it it's a good water bottle water
bottle and you mean why they take it
it's an awesome water no no can you stop
disrespecting the hard work of the
Creator Warehouse team I get that and
especially at the gym because everyone
wants the really big water bottles when
you're at the gym I'll actually go
through like half or more of that in one
gym session like it's perfect for at the
gym I love that water bottle it's just
like ah like the the dollar value was in
the airpods leave me my water bottle
that is custom sticker bombed like I I I
literally can't get a lot of these again
it's kind of annoying I really liked how
it looked it's like when someone steals
your wallet and you're just like could
you have just taken the cash and left it
there exactly like this is actually just
really really annoying like I'm going to
cancel every one of those credit cards
before you do anything yeah just the
credit card compan is going to go for go
after their money like you're not like
just any chance it's newer airpods no um
because it's me so I have replacement
ones now and they're also the old cheap
ones because it's me um
it's just it just sucks it's very
annoying but the main thing that I'm
annoyed about is not the tech product
that someone took my water bottle cuz I
love that water
bottle I know where you can get a new
one I know I can get a new
one I just
H headed to the end of the Earth nuha
for diving any places on your bucket
list animals you're chasing seems to be
island in the French
Polynesia wow cool I still want to I
still want to scuba dive in
Australia that'd be sweet yeah that
that's on my
list I have recently gone on a few dates
with someone and I could use Luke's 100%
success chicken recipe in the near
future when will we get that video I've
been told I need to film it for a float
plane exclusive it's coming yeah so it's
going to be a thing don't don't don't
look at his eyes don't look at his
eyes hey D we stuck in your
beard no hey
D recently heard about a long range 1 km
Wi-Fi with enough bandwidth for video
calls have y'all heard about this and is
it even
real I have heard about it I am so
excited to try it oh I haven't gotten my
hands on it yet I want to um I've
already flagged it for the writing team
I missed rers meeting today cuz I was
busy filming our PS5 killer oh $500 PC
that's pretty strong interesting that
you're calling it a PS5 killer not a
console killer the PS5 just win that
hard what what games would we play on an
Xbox
killer get get owned um oh man any who
uh so hopefully we're getting in touch I
totally want to try it it sounds amazing
it's different from what we've shown in
the past with ubiquity uh dish-based
long range Wi-Fi Solutions and that it
seems to be
more
just uh non-directional you just
everything's just connected it seems
super cool I'm really looking forward to
trying it out sweet hi lonus fellow Tech
Dad here any advice on long distance
parenting I work overseas away from my
child and kids and uh sorry my wife and
kids most of the year is there anything
other than video calls to alleviate
missing them that sounds horrible um I
don't think I could do it I uh the only
advice that I have is uh stay strong
brother I uh aren't there like uh I
wonder how old their kids are did they
say in the thing did it say no I think
there's these like presentence pillow
things that like glow the the other one
will glow when there's weight on the one
of them oh okay and I've been told that
it helps like if you're feeling really
homesick or whatever it helps to like
know I don't know I haven't experienced
this so I have no idea but I've heard
that's a thing and like people say it's
like actually good so I don't
know hey lldd I will be in Japan this
summer for an internship doing data
analysis with field programmable Gat
arays fpgas what do you think the most
interesting use case for fpgas are uh
also Luke what should I avoid in Japan
fpg are one of those things where I
wouldn't even begin to tell you what I
think the most interesting thing they're
used for is because they're used for
everything everything they're either
used in final deployments and that's why
a lot of things are really expensive um
so one example is those usb3 extenders
that I have if that wasn't Asic it would
cost a fraction of what it does but it's
an fpga so it's really really expensive
cuz you're buying fully programmable
processors for both
sides these sounds really expensive yeah
USB to fiber boxes right and they're
handling high bandwidth low
latency so that's what they cost right
um and so it's either in mass production
or mass is or it's in the prototyping of
basically everything so I don't know
everything fpga are sick there I said it
check out analog analog. yep they make
wicked cool stuff check out check out
alibaba.com
oh yeah yeah this show up the subreddit
this week dare me to order one I was
going to say are you guys going to get
one unfortunately I would have to order
500 pieces oh my goodness I love that
the number of people that don't
understand how our screwdriver ever
works yeah this isn't the same drives me
absolutely crazy this isn't like a third
shift situation guys there is no Chinese
Factory to run a third shift how the
many times do I have to say this
before people will somehow
process that the LT screwdriver is not
some made in China
rebadge it
just isn't
and no amount
of whatever it is that you're doing over
there is going to change the actual
reality that it just isn't we
collaborated with mega Pro licensed
their bit storage licensed their ratchet
heavily modified their ratchet design at
this point with the stubby screwdriver
we have actually modified their bit
storage enough that we are no longer
dependent on the patent for it
um the ratchets are produced in China
the shafts are produced in China the
Plastics are all produced in Pit Meadows
British Columbia the assembly is done
here in the Greater Vancouver area there
is no third
shift just sit the
down it's incredible uh anyway uh this
was still pretty funny because
um yeah a sample is apparently about the
cost of these guys buying one of our
screwdrivers so if you order a sample
what's very likely is they will simply
buy one of our screwdrivers and send it
to you they've ripped the photos
directly off of our site oh nice other
than it seems like attempting maybe or
maybe not like blur it out a little bit
to blur our logo a little bit they've
even included our like crusty rusted
bits that we use to demonstrate that you
can install standard size bits in it um
I would I would totally order one to see
if it's if it's uh even a a somewhat
close copy but the issue is that they
want you to order 500 pieces and there's
no way I'm going to order a sample to
see what they can make CU they're just
going to send me one of my screwdrivers
if I wanted one of my screwdrivers I
would just walk into the warehouse and
grab one yeah
um
is the listing a scam though yeah the
listing is in all likelihood a scam so
there's a lot of so there's a lot of
different takes on this you know one of
the takes is see I told you it's just it
was a matter of time there's a lot of
like oh LTD better watch out for this is
the third shift and then there's a lot
of people that actually understand
what's going on here and that is that
this manufacturer is fraudulently
claiming that they make this screwdriver
it is possible that you will get
something in the mail that resembles our
screwdriver but I promise you it will
not be ours um
and
the attention to detail that it would
take to get it to be RS would not be put
in by this manufacturer there is
absolutely no way because even though
it's a seemingly relatively simple
mechanical device the devil's in the
details it's easy for them to make one
actually it would be relatively easy for
them to make one screwdriver that pretty
much is pretty similar to the LTD
screwdriver to mass produce it with the
kind of quality that we do would be
really difficult and that's what took so
long
um yeah so so that's the thing yeah is
that trickle down economics thanks
twitch chat I can always count on
you Dan I want to make another facial
joke lldd how would you suggest
verifying a user's child's age on social
media without age
verification just do it the old mostly
ineffective way yeah there's honestly I
don't I just don't see how you're going
to do it no database should contain that
information about anyone least of all a
child kids yeah no uh just yeah I'm
sorry I don't have a solution to this uh
and and lean on the services a little
bit to ban users um if they're detected
to you know not be a
kid hey dll how far away do you think
AMD is from catching up to Nvidia on
raid tracing do you think they will sure
and then Nvidia will move again um the
only real hope for AMD is that Invidia
gets distracted kind of like what
happened with uh Logitech and gaming
mice in like The Late Late
2000s um and like I guess the early 20
late late 2000s early 2010s Logitech
owned gaming mice and then they were
just like oh a webcam
butterfly holy crap what what the heck
is
Razor that that is a that is an accurate
Recreation actually quite accurate
exactly what happened I'm I'm a little
frustrated with Logitech right
now um my my mouse died again I've had a
lot of this one Mouse um me find
Logitech g i I have been uh I think it's
maybe fair to say a Logitech Fanboy for
most of my life their their forms for
their mice just work for my hands and
their support is or at least has been
legendary fantastic and it's pretty easy
to win me over with really really good
support and I've really really really
liked their mice now they released a
thing called the power
play yeah I love my power play oh my
goodness the power play is amazing okay
the fact that more people don't use it
drives me nuts it's really expensive
Luke it is very you probably didn't pay
for it I did actually oh yeah I'm
surprised yeah did you pay for the most
that went on
it I paid for the most recent one that's
going to go on it I don't know about all
the previous ones I I paid for the most
recent one and the previous one before
that I just mean your Tech life gets
kind of subsidized so when you splurge
on a thing I'm a little impressed that
you bought anything but then I'm I'm
less impressed because the total cost of
your entire setup is like maybe a grand
or two and it's worth like you know 5
grand or whatever yeah yeah yeah so that
that's that's totally fair it is it is
very expensive I just really really like
the power me too I really like it too
it's just F really expensive for what it
is like the the thing the problem it
solves in your life is that every couple
of weeks you need to go like
this but it's awesome I know it's
awesome I don't it doesn't even it
doesn't even increase the amount of USBS
cuz you can connect your mouse through
the power play which is like thank you
of that argument is it doesn't even
reduce the number of cables on your desk
because you still have to run a
cable to the power
play like it's just I'm just I'm just
happy they thought of that you know it's
just it's just actually a waste of money
yeah that I love and you love and we can
love it even though it's a waste of
money it's like
children or my employment oh my goodness
um right now if I go to gaming mous pads
on Logitech G the photo is for a power
play mhm where you going with this I
don't see it
oh because it isn't a mouse pad it's
probably something else you're also in
the Canadian store I don't believe
you're allowed to buy avilable in Canada
can't buy it in Canada oh yeah so you
can only have it because you are a
special snowflake wait is that the
reason why I ran into this I hope not
okay I love that you can sort by power
play
compatibility yeah okay so here's my
whole point Pro X super light 2 right
right right right power play
compatibility no well try power play in
instead of power play compatibility go
up there's a power play what four
down yeah well it's just the same thing
as power play compatibility that's
hilarious what but yeah no you can't you
can't buy it in Canada I don't
think I mean Canada doesn't exist anyway
it doesn't say it works with power play
though you can probably buy it on like
amazon.co.uk and like get it imported or
whatever but no I don't think you can
buy it in
Canada I'm so upset I know I bought a to
be fair I didn't look into reviews of
the super light 2 but I bought a prox
superlite because the super light 2 was
not listed under power play
compatibility I already opened the box
it's on my
desk I'm
[Laughter]
screwed at least it's not me who's an
idiot on the show for a change man you
know it's refreshing actually that sucks
why doesn't it show up on her power play
compati ility why is there two power
play buttons I don't know that isn't
even the thing I wanted to be upset
about I'm actually more happy with them
about this cuz that's easy to fix I
thought they dropped power play
compatibility from new devices and I was
like wow that sucks a lot no power play
is great and power play is not going
anywhere as far as I can tell that's
great I updated with a bigger mat and
maybe USBC or you know something or yeah
that'd be cool man people saying I
didn't do the research I I went on the
official website and clicked power play
compatibility and it disappeared I I
thought I did do the
research I really like the mouse I think
it's okay to be
honest but yeah I had I've had three
g903 now and the left click has broken
on every single one of them it's almost
like all of those
switches just come from a commodity
Factory and Logitech are not special
yeah people game pretty hard these days
too like I don't know man I feel feel
like uh I feel like we go a little
harder on our gaming peripherals that
might be true like when I was a kid I
played a lot of video games but I think
by today's standards it's like not a lot
not much yeah all right it might it
might be reasonable lifespan I haven't
looked into like the expected clicks and
stuff like that um but yeah and I'm not
ditching them because it's still my
favorite Mouse like I'll go I'll go try
I did get a different Logitech most this
time but I like this one too their forms
just work so much better for me and I
mean it feels great so like I don't
I mean I regret not knowing that the two
works with it but I'm happy with it
anyways so that's
fine
yeah hello w. dll Luke other than the
difficulty of building a kickass
streaming platform what is an
interesting challenge as CTO for lmg
that we haven't heard you talk about
before oh you've heard it all before um
okay entering entering as that role into
the hell Nest that was the setup was a
wild experience that I would not want to
do again um and is still like a giant
problem
um the the the constant battle between
trying to decide whether or not to fix
the current fires
or build a thing that will help reduce
new fires is is difficult to deal with
because there's so many like massive
projects that you would have expected to
be done a really long time ago that
we're never done um that we need to do
but there's a lot of current fires so
balancing those two problems can be
difficult y y y y it's all a thing but
it's getting better Sean's been doing
fantastic it's been cool seeing him in
videos now um working with Dan and a
team too yeah I think so yeah um so yeah
it's getting better we'll get there it's
okay but it's it it it's been a ride
I'll say that much the super late 2
appears to be on amazon.ca I bought a
mouse it's on my my desk I'm not going
to buy another mouse it was really
expensive I'm not I'm not buying another
mouse right now straight up uh I'm
responding to a merch message that
hasn't been read yet um Thomas C says
hey LT I wish that more people would
talk about accessibility with VR I have
one eye there are some VR games where I
physically can't get past the tutorial
can you try the Vision Pro with one eye
um interesting the
scanning didn't work but I wonder if
part of the reason for that is that I
trained it with two eyes so I'm going to
see if I can find the thing to try it
again
uh I don't know I can never remember is
it privacy and security or is it optic
ID and passcode I don't know why would
security why would your passcode be
under security that's is stupid um gaze
tracking
Works which sounds like an entirely
different thing
um well you keep screwing around with
that geek person man in chat said power
play compatible means the most requires
a power core module to be installed in
the most and power play means it's just
built
in cool all right I'm setting up optic
ID The Gaze tracking is definitely a
little bit weaker
though
makes sense nope won't do it oh no optic
ID with just one
eye yep can confirm definitely works
with two eyes um all right so apparently
the Apple Vision Pro has accessibility
options maybe there's something you need
to turn on
accessibility eye input both eyes oh
left eye only right eye
only all right there it is I still don't
know if that works with optic idid but
it definitely um does at least have an
option for it so that's pretty cool uh
good guy
Apple that's it for that for now I find
it makes my eyes really tired using that
yeah I'm back I haven't used it for the
CU you were using it for like whole days
right I've used it for as much as
um like 3 hours at a time and that was a
lot yeah that makes really a lot like I
I didn't have it on for that long
realistically um and I didn't run into
those problems but I suspect you're
hitting more around the like hour hour
and a half mark where it starts to get
pretty old y
yeah even at like half an hour I'm kind
of over it I'd rather just you know what
one of the one of the things that really
bugs me is seems like a really stupid
little thing it seems like such an
obvious fix but um I actually hate that
I can only pin apps in 3D
space I want to pin apps in relative to
me space Oh you can't do that not as far
as I can tell but this is yet another
thing that I I haven't spent a ton of
time looking up how to do things yet I'm
thinking on on like what I've seen
online in videos people say you can you
can so then okay then that's something
that will help a lot because yeah sorry
keep going uh travel mode apparently is
what it's called so yeah I'm going to
play around with that um it's not going
to fix every issue that I have with it
because
realistically most of my problems are
just caused by that I just don't really
want this thing on my face right now um
it would be nice if you could do both
like I would want to have some that were
fixed in 3D space and some that floated
with me uh you I could I would imagine
that you could probably do that
maybe oh wait not yet travel mode is
only really made for airplane usage Etc
speaking of airplane usage I was sitting
sorry don't walk with travel mode though
okay well then that's not really okay
then that's not really what I'm talking
about okay I'm going to insert now so oh
I've seen a video of someone walking
down the street with Google Maps pinned
okay I'll have to figure it out um but
yeah that's not what I'm talking about
I'm talking about that I want to move
around and I want it to just stay fixed
to me rather than fixed to the
environment and it sounds like what
you're talking about is travel mode um
figures out where something is based on
its proximity to the Head rather than
based on the map the headset builds of
the world around you because of low
light so I noticed that I was sitting in
um my computer room at home and you know
how our lights are automated and just
turn off um so in what would be probably
like cabin cabin brightness on an
overnight flight it was not able to
handle tracking very well it would it
would often lose tracking and have
connection issues and and and hand
tracking issues so that makes a ton of
sense that travel mode would be
for like that that's what travel mode is
is a way to not have it reliant on that
outside map that it's building but
that's not what I was asking for so I'm
just going to I'm just going to have to
do a little bit more figuring out I'm
sure I mean unless that video is just
fake but I I've definitely seen could be
person was walking the yeah absolutely
I've seen a person walking down the
street and the the I'm assuming Apple
Maps are whatever but some form of map
application was fixed on the left hand
side of their view no problem Captain
Cosmo hit me Dan hey dll speaking of AI
fakes how do you expect the world to
adapt to combat this we all know laws
mean nothing especially when millions
are at play should we be going back to
carrier
pigeons I think there's not a bad
suggestion in person yeah someone made a
comment earlier about our handshake
deals back back I had a conversation
about this $25 million thing with my
roommate a day or two ago and we were
both talking about how like yeah if you
needed to transfer $25 million should
someone just fly there and like do the
deal or or even like if you if you need
to get a
confirmation like oh this the CFO was on
the call or whatever like it's $ 25
million maybe you should go to the cfo's
office yeah and like see them in person
just to be like hey just
confirming you know and like you're
going to have to work at a place where
that doesn't seem weird so you'll have
to like inform people around that you
need this extra layer I mentioned maybe
you have to call them on their cell
phone as well as like a form of two
factor for
communication uh so okay you have you
have like uh someone on teams tells you
to transfer 25 million or someone in a
uh video call tells you to transfer 25
million okay well you call them as well
and you might see them on the video like
answer their cell phone and be like hey
uh but if someone has their team's
account and they have their cell phone
like that's that's another fairly
significant step
um
yeah yeah yeah go for it so apparently
uh Ryan Tran did it but he had
to pinch on the app to hold it there
while he was like walking oh yeah that's
not what I'm asking for I'm aware of
that I've done that that probably
explains the video I saw though that yep
that explains it so the fact that that
workaround is necessary and the fact
that this made it to actual release with
no one being like Oh yeah that's the
thing we should obviously do is just
sort of baffling to me especially if
they have this travel mode where they
map relative to the headset rather than
relative to the map created of the
environment around you I
sure fake pinched finger
stick a genius
genius could like sucker it onto your
chest terrible I love it I love it uh
lus question why are you still running
the damaged note 9 I honestly was
expecting you to have moved to the
Samsung 24 Ultra by now mostly curious
um once again the answer is going to be
a lot less cool than what you might
imagine it is a ton of work with all of
my like setting up my notification
settings in every app so that the things
I need get to me and the things I don't
need don't bother me and authenticating
all the bajillion things that I have to
sign
into uh it's just it's a ton of work for
me to switch phones and I had intended
to switch over to the fair phone so I
for that review man I put in the work so
that I wouldn't have to carry my note 9
with me at all with the LG Wing I
carried the note 9 for like 2fa like I I
didn't really use it but I like I knew I
wasn't seriously switching to the LG
Wing I made myself use it but I didn't I
didn't put my whole life on it with the
fairphone 5 I did I was like I am
switching to this phone they're going to
support this thing for seven years or
whatever it is so this will be like even
if I move on to another phone after this
this will be the one that'll like have
all my stuff you know like that that
social media uh or that um that
messaging app that I only use to
communicate with people I play badminton
with in Taiwan like I'm going install
that one on there and migrate all my
messages over and all this tedious
crap I don't like going through that so
upgrading phones for me is actually a
hassle and maybe part of it is just like
like PTSD from doing it so many times
back when I would be reviewing a
different phone every month or two like
I think a lot of people were like oh
line is so lucky he gets to use new
phones all the time I freaking hated it
it sucks it's so it's not a good
experience no it actually sucks
um so I gave up on it and I switched to
the note 9 so it has my whole life on it
and I I did that with the fairphone 5
and it ended up being a complete
waste of time because spoiler alert is
this a fairphone
5 yeah I'm done the review
yeah so I don't know I'll switch to
something else at some point I I I I
would consider an s24 Ultra I I just
nothing has sung to me I like I liked
the folding phones though that was cool
I I switched over to the fold three
actually Dan I still owe you that fold
three uh I need to get my pictures off
of it and then as far as I'm concerned
you can do whatever you want with it I
told him if he if he fixed it fixed it
then he could use it uh I've just been
really slow sorry Dan it's sitting on my
desk at home I will deal you don't you
don't have to I mean I hate all phones
now because you ruined the last one that
I loved well Dan that's no no no no no
that's not the way it works once I say
something then I have to it's it's not
up to you you to decide if I have to I
have said I'm doing it therefore all
right I'll do it that that I just don't
want you to feel forced by social
convention no I'm forced by me I'm
forced by because I said I was going to
do something okay um very very simple to
me a verbal contract is a contract um
anywh who the point is that I I just um
don't like doing it and to me the three
extra seconds or actually on this thing
in some cases 30 extra seconds that I
might wait for an app to install on the
rare occasion that I bother to install
an app on my phone uh is just not worth
the tradeoff of the 3 hours that I'm
going to spend migrating everything and
then the occasional you know 3 to 30
minutes that it's going to cost me down
the road when I realized there was
something I missed and I need to go back
and deal with it it's just such a
pain hello W wo and winess does float
plane give you any interest in Cross
statistics with YouTube for example are
there any similarities or differences
for video retention original float plane
invoice 314 yeah Luke um tell me what
kind of analytics does float plane
provide and how do they compare to the
YouTube analytics very fantastic analy
we have the best my friends tell me that
we have the best
analytics yeah so that's how you know it
was the biggest lie of the
show we have basically none uh there's
certain things that we can ask AJ to
like manually pull up or ask Jonathan to
manually pull up uh but there's yeah
there's pretty much nothing
um I don't think it's you know they
don't use
Firefox yeah like there's there's stuff
we can check um we have nothing we don't
even know how many views we're
getting I know AJ's here we can guess
but like basic it's it's a basically all
guessing so it's just like I don't know
what yeah YouTube's guessing they just
have the best guessing they are
extremely good at it um but like that's
taken a lot of effort so I don't know we
would have to have an entire team that
is much larger than the entire float
plane team that just did that if we
wanted to even approach I mean we we
could get pretty accurate probably but
like ad ad blockers block a lot of stuff
that aren't ads um and a lot of you guys
run ad blockers so it makes certain
things unnecessarily hard to be clear
when you're on float plane running an ad
blocker we don't care there's no ads on
float plane it actually has zero impact
other than that we can't build analytics
we do care though because there's
there's more than there's more than just
like views analytics that we can't
capture we also can't it also muddies
the Waters of capturing a lot of other
things like well what would they care
about though I have to go back over it
again oh what would they care about
nothing oh okay yeah it just affects us
and our ability
to know how the site's being used
uh to to see infrastructure and like
okay I understand like that I it's been
a long time since I've had this
conversation so I might be saying things
that are slightly off but it's like it's
definitely not helpful troubleshooting
info for us yeah exactly like it it
blocks us being able to figure out
troubleshooting stuff I understand there
are sites out there that are pulling
information to like sell by doing those
types of things so I get it and I'm not
telling anyone to whatever this isn't
this isn't that conversation um but it
is annoying when you're like actually
just trying to do good things and it
becomes inaccurate or you can't or
whatever else because of that stuff um
okay Q qos info for isps yeah that makes
figuring out routing problems really
hard when you can't figure out routing
problems got it um like it's yeah it's
it's super annoying um but again I get
it
um it's just yeah if you're someone like
Google you can find workarounds you can
do various things you can improve it um
at our scale it's like oh man is there
an option to not bother yes
sick love
it Duke Linux and Don good evening Duke
uh Final Fantasy Tactics you should play
it Linux if you had to choose Final
Fantasy 6 remake or tactics remake or
sequel
2 that's a pretty good question 26 years
later I still play
fft well Final Fantasy Tactics has a
sequel so I'm not going to ask for
that um if you're asking if I would want
like a worthy sequel like as good or
better in every
way you know what i' I'd pick six
remake I think I'd find it easier to
find the time to play that I tactics
game would just completely absorb my
life and so that's a very selfish reason
for choosing that but you asked me so I
guess it that's fair it can be a me
reason if I got like a like a real
reimagining of six I think but then
would I like hate it because it's not
what I like and remember no I I think I
I would love to I would love to hear
tera's story retold yeah I'm going to go
with
that yeah odd question about the
business side as you build out your
merchandise for sale how do you figure
out the wait hold on I'm done with that
yet though have you played any more six
oh sorry uh no but I probably will be
this weekend all right forget it sorry
Dan go ahead sorry I even said
anything odd question about the business
side as you build out your merchandise
for sale how do you figure out the
design labor handling costs behind the
product itself so to stay profitable uh
until Taran joined we just
didn't we uh we eyeballed it uh that's
that's on brand see this is why we have
to take away their EXL cuz they're not
even using it yeah um well they're still
using it there there are people who use
it down uh but like yeah we we knew
approximately what our handling was from
our 3pl because we know how much we pay
them every month and we know how many
orders they handled but we don't know a
lot of the fine details around
um especially like product development
costs like I have no idea yvon might
know how much we spend on samples for
clothing for example I doubt it um like
she could maybe look it up it would be
somewhat
challenging
um we uh Nick says we didn't eyeball uh
we didn't eyeball everything the only
thing we didn't Factor was OPC on a per
unit basis uh I I am pretty sure that
there are other things that we did not
fully um fully map out but I know that
we I know that we knew okay so just to
be clear we weren't completely Flying
Blind I noidea I know what our income we
knew what our incoming costs were
approximately for like uh shipping and
handling um okay but there's okay here's
something that here's something that we
just had no idea about was uh what our
returns were
costing we were just like oh uh we we
think it's like within this range and it
was somewhere pretty close to that range
once we drilled into it a bit more but
were clearly some things that were just
like oh yeah we'll we'll we kind of we
kicking the Ken down the road and like
in fairness to the team I'm not throwing
them under the bus they were
busy building new products and growing
the the growing the revenue and uh you
know figuring out how to how to keep up
with shipments and there were some
things that fell through the cracks
there's some stuff that we've definitely
got to clean up now though um and so
that's that's what we're working
on
see hi dlll if AI becomes proficient at
extracting Benchmark datas uh Benchmark
detail from videos through speech or
image recognition would that change your
lab's data plan and use it in LTD
videos no at this point we really want
people to have the data and so we are
we're still full steam ahead with
testing and and Publishing data um you
know whether the full Suite will be
available to non-paid account and things
like that that's
TBD um like how we publish it is to be
determined but we we want to test it we
want to publish
it hey dll cable management whenn but
more importantly what are your thoughts
on digital identity SSI self Sovereign
identity to combat AI
impersonation I mean I think Luke and I
have talked about that a fair bit on the
show today I I just don't think that um
the only real solution is a
decentralized one
um Good Luck yeah good luck AI identity
on the blockchain is that what I'm
hearing yeah
it's web 3's back boys hell yeah Cable
Management though very soon speaking of
the team being hard at work on things uh
it's a surprisingly complicated product
for us to bring to Market it's it's it's
not the kind of thing that I think is
obvious to some who's never tried to
launch a product before but you can't
just you can't just sell cable Arch at
price um because the back to the the
question of handling costs that the
handling cost of cable Arch would make
it completely unsustainable for us to
sell at a price that would make any
sense for you so we have to make bundles
of cable Arch or bundles of multiple
different cable Arch es in
configurations that maybe make sense we
have to find a way to communicate that
uh we have to find a way to Market it um
we have to find a way to present all of
that on the website oh we're running
into a problem there oh yeah that
doesn't surprise me yeah it's
like it's a lot of
options uh and like visually explaining
what it is and also having all the
options and making it so that all the
option combinations are not confusing
thing and all of that all at once is is
it's a lot right now and I I don't think
we have a fantastic current solution but
we are working on it um had a call with
a bunch of people um and there was some
good ideas people were bringing up and
we're going to try to figure it
out I won't do much all I've got left is
uh potentials Luke there's a lot in here
for you sick oh wow it's just Luke for
days I'm going to go get some more
snackies Okay I uh I should have
prompted you to had a read through of
these uh do you want to parse them first
yeah
yeah just give you a second
here you very
confused I just I one of them I just
really I don't understand how it starts
but I'll I'll feel the question anyways
um oh L LDL is a chemical
I think maybe is it yeah
sure uh we'll start with this one
Whatever uh Luke how do you select data
centers for float plane I just started
looking into collocation and there are
so many options at wildly varying price
points uh this is a much better question
for AJ if you're in if you're in float
plane chat AJ is hanging out in float
plane chat right now um but uh my my
thing that I'll add on is uh a very
frustrating uh task that I've given AJ
over the years is that you
know we don't we don't have a VC budget
so things need to be pretty cheap uh so
so generally it's been like what's the
cheapest possible way we can get this
thing um and then we use a lot of ovh uh
we're fairly in their kind of like
ecosystem at this point and they're
they're very
I'm surprised to hear you talking about
that you're usually so Cy about uh o
what sort of services we use and what
specifically we use them for for certain
things yeah but ovh is very easy to
figure out that we use it yeah you used
to you used to be you used to not want
to acknowledge it so I'm just oh yeah I
think I've always been pretty open about
ovh
specifically oh oh no I remember
specifically you were just like don't
give them anything I'm like okay oh yeah
it sounds like
me U but yeah over VH we we use and we
use a lot um and it's it's been pretty
good for us uh there's been there's been
times where there's been bumps in the
road but
like but ovh if you wanted to sponsor us
and the reads were just we talk about
our experience overall really good it'd
be pretty chill really good and really
cheap like very cost effective for what
we get um and honestly talking to other
people that are in other data centers
and being in other Data Center sometimes
ourselves as well there's bumps in the
road everywhere so like I don't had some
we've had some doozies yeah but like I
don't know Cloud flare went down not
that long ago Google has gone down in
some amount a disaster two weeks ago
teams was like wck this happens to
everybody um so it it kind of just is
what it is overall the uptime through
ovh has been super good
um I don't know yeah ovh has been good
it's been a proven good strategy the
entire time we've been there that was an
AJ thing from back in the day and a jake
thing actually both of them um so yeah
we've sort of stuck there and then we've
also worked with other ones as well but
yeah hi bad colesterol LDL low density
lipoprotein question for Luke have you
heard of or tried the Skyrim companion
mod where NPCs talk conversationally
with you I have heard of it uh they all
sound like AI so I I am not interested
Luke Outlook lets you have different
email handles for the same account and
chooses which ones can be used for login
isn't only using handles that can't be
used for login the most secure system I
think that is super cool I didn't
actually know that that's neat I feel
like you can do the same thing with
Google
workspace I'm not sure though um I know
you can do the plus Alias thing which is
super cool but I don't know if you can
completely change it I think you can
um I know you can to a certain
degree but I I don't I don't know if you
can use it in that exact way uh but I I
know you can to a certain degree because
uh I have that so if you only emailed
out of one that wasn't the core login I
feel like that would work so yeah I
think so I think it works on both
effectively and I think that is pretty
smart yeah AJ saying you can have a
primary domain ID and then your email is
different yeah so that that seems like a
good idea smart idea heyo W.D question
for lonus as a fellow XR Enthusiast
bullish on the monitor replacement use
case is the immersed visor On Your
Horizon I think AP but onethird the
weight and
cost I uh this this is the first I'm
hearing of it never heard of this it
sounds pretty cool it looks like what
they have they have apps for this Colors
theme makes me think I like why what do
you like is this just a link to Apple's
website yep uh what the interesting uh
it's on my radar now
neat last two
potentials well I need to email this to
myself so so I will not be helping Luke
got him I'll curate this one go Luke
Luke you come across as putting a lot of
thought and Research into purchases what
sealed the deal for you when it came to
athletic greens this is a weird one
they're sponsor kind of sponsored the
show today so uh do you want me to I
absolve you of any responsibility for
getting the sponsorship canceled okay
cool sounds good uh um I'm just going to
talk completely candidly but I think
it's mostly good stuff to be honest so
it should be okay um I gained a ton of
weight over Co I was not eating very
good things and I was extremely inactive
when actually before that was kind of
over I hit a certain point where I was
like all right I need to figure this out
so I started getting a lot more active
and I started eating a lot better but
one of the ways that I started eating
better was I started eating very
regimented and I started eating a lot of
the same things all the time um and by
restricting my diet to a certain degree
I wasn't getting as much of a range of
different things so I was worried about
um not having good nutrient coverage
essentially I looked into a bunch of
different
solutions um I tried a few different
solutions um I thinkal Solutions yeah
actually uh I think ag1 doesn't taste
too bad um wow what an
endorsement I'm I'm not like Dennis I
don't think it tastes like pineapple and
vanilla or whatever he says I don't get
that at all but it tastes all right um
where where does where is it between
pineapple and banana and ass pineapple
and vanilla I think is what he says
probably somewhere in the middle like I
don't I don't think it tastes great but
I also have had a bunch of other ones
worse it's got a half ass
taste I I've had ones that are a lot
worse so like I I wouldn't want to dog
on it for its taste and I Dennis isn't
the only person that I know that has
mentioned pineapple specifically and
he's not the only person that I know
that think it tastes legitimately good
so I like actually don't want a dog on
it for its taste
um yeah and anything that is in the
supplement realm is just
super it's an interesting area I don't
really want to mess with it
um ag1 is seems to be fairly reputable
as far as I can tell um they seem to be
pretty legit and I go with it for that
that reason mostly I did I did quite a
bit of research there's a there's a
bunch of people saying that there's like
uh equivalent Alternatives that are
cheaper but then I when I was looking
into those I would often find not always
but I would often find threads of people
talking about how um oh the way that
they make some thing or whatever is not
up to whatever whatever I don't know
blah blah blah stuff that I don't
understand enough about and it seemed to
be more legit
more trustworthy to me I don't know I'm
not saying that you should take my
research and be like well I'll just get
it then this is not part of the ad at
all I have no idea I am not an expert on
this I know nothing um but it seemed
legit and I understand it was a bunch
more money but it's uh I'm not I'm not
I'm a little sketched out by
supplementation in general but it's
something that I did want to do so I
went with that one cuz it seemed the
safest I don't know that's
it and last one I've got here got my
13-in framework in last week and I'm
loving it do you have any updated
thoughts on future GPU upgrades for the
now 16 for the new 16 coming out uh PS
unpopular opinion no beard is better
that is an unpopular opinion um the
hell's wrong with you I don't have any
updated thoughts other than that
hopefully framework can find Partners
who will continue to develop GPU modules
for it and we will get some
in gpus I mean hopefully we just get
some choice in GPU options that don't
suck in general and that would benefit
framework and and that's it for the
wship we'll see you again next week same
bad time same bad Channel
[Music]
bye